images/000000000.jpg	ill the holy animal cow to cover the road with 
images/000000001.jpg	e exam, they just want me to be happy. I 
images/000000002.jpg	tterflies! The continuous effort from the
images/000000003.jpg	ipped and fell into the river and noticed th
images/000000004.jpg	 competition, the price has been marked down 
images/000000005.jpg	rillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's gi
images/000000006.jpg	mmer the nails and decided to control his 
images/000000007.jpg	ity for successful English learning is p
images/000000008.jpg	inuous attempts for several hours, there was no
images/000000009.jpg	nt of living, friends make another importa
images/000000010.jpg	her, with several generations gathering arou
images/000000011.jpg	 holiday is coming.I am going to do many th
images/000000012.jpg	stmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she ask
images/000000013.jpg	nd tolerance, many things may turn out for the 
images/000000014.jpg	for the butterfly and removed the remaining c
images/000000015.jpg	uld learn to understand their children a
images/000000016.jpg	without any more struggles. He continued 
images/000000017.jpg	 there for food. Suddenly he caught sight 
images/000000018.jpg	the holes in the fence. Again, you cannot pu
images/000000019.jpg	ds. His bad temper made him fall for angry w
images/000000020.jpg	red the donkey’s trick. He then returned home 
images/000000021.jpg	e also has to work. Therefore, I want to help he
images/000000022.jpg	e were a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit 
images/000000023.jpg	d the world as it is, so they are the dearest pa
images/000000024.jpg	rs with the cocoon and the butterfly. The b
images/000000025.jpg	tory of "The Right Son at the Right Time". The so
images/000000026.jpg	is always friendly, welcoming, and genero
images/000000027.jpg	ered on people. You can remove the nails but
images/000000028.jpg	hat they were doing. The sparrow laughed. Sh
images/000000029.jpg	not taken into account. These different i
images/000000030.jpg	s.There are many examples that demonstr
images/000000031.jpg	h the butterfly fly with its beautiful wings
images/000000032.jpg	from the South and has never seen snow before
images/000000033.jpg	stunned to hear his order as it would destroy 
images/000000034.jpg	d love for butterflies decided to help the b
images/000000035.jpg	 boy was able to pull out most of the nai
images/000000036.jpg	 with bags of salt to go to the market in order 
images/000000037.jpg	parents through the verbal usage. While he for
images/000000038.jpg	 opening. Unfortunately, even after continu
images/000000039.jpg	sors and tweaked the cocoon to make larger open
images/000000040.jpg	outlooks on the world, the gap between them
images/000000041.jpg	 difficult to hammer the nails and decided to c
images/000000042.jpg	as freezing. A group of monkeys were on a
images/000000043.jpg	ome students need it to read English textboo
images/000000044.jpg	 order to improve the ability of English rea
images/000000045.jpg	fteen years, has been posing as an out-of-work
images/000000046.jpg	 you speak, the better your spoken English wil
images/000000047.jpg	 ability of English reading comprehension, one s
images/000000048.jpg	ngdom were very happy as they had a very p
images/000000049.jpg	iant, and chronically depressed robot; and Vee
images/000000050.jpg	re he loaded his donkey with more bags of sa
images/000000051.jpg	ina, children live with their parents even aft
images/000000052.jpg	fort.A sparrow came flying to its nest. Th
images/000000053.jpg	er's outlooks on the world, the gap between the
images/000000054.jpg	 There is a drastic increase of the hour
images/000000055.jpg	ud of.People have different opinions on t
images/000000056.jpg	want to undergo any struggle, we won’t be ab
images/000000057.jpg	so much food that he became too big to fit throug
images/000000058.jpg	a hungry fox that was looking for something to 
images/000000059.jpg	istant places were so happy to have a con
images/000000060.jpg	or the last fifteen years, has been posi
images/000000061.jpg	d the day arrived when no nail was hammere
images/000000062.jpg	ccess to a lot of reading materials, which can a
images/000000063.jpg	unications with them open, at the same time the
images/000000064.jpg	had not walked far when they reached a river 
images/000000065.jpg	decided to go on a travel to visit places of his
images/000000066.jpg	ol. Except for taking care of me, she als
images/000000067.jpg	ry time he became angry and to lose his temp
images/000000068.jpg	them. The merchant and his donkey were walking al
images/000000069.jpg	f the cocoon without any more struggles. He conti
images/000000070.jpg	ing.I am going to do many things that I 
images/000000071.jpg	 The spirit of humanism is apparent in the sto
images/000000072.jpg	blem. As long as both sides keep their m
images/000000073.jpg	turn home where he loaded his donkey with more b
images/000000074.jpg	could support the body.  Unfortunately, neith
images/000000075.jpg	hoes for him and requested the countrymen t
images/000000076.jpg	became angry and to lose his temper. The li
images/000000077.jpg	eavier.Cocoon and the ButterflyMany of us kno
images/000000078.jpg	nd the boy was able to pull out most of th
images/000000079.jpg	ab a man with a knife, but the wound will re
images/000000080.jpg	 He was quite happy that he visited many
images/000000081.jpg	nerous to visitors who can drop in on friend
images/000000082.jpg	nd to lose his temper. The little boy found it
images/000000083.jpg	purposes. Some students need it to read Englis
images/000000084.jpg	 of leather shoes for him and requested th
images/000000085.jpg	 so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, myself.”
images/000000086.jpg	. The more you speak, the better your spoken E
images/000000087.jpg	hina, children live with their parents even
images/000000088.jpg	 Again, you cannot pull out a few nails. The 
images/000000089.jpg	s for the betterment and happiness of the people
images/000000090.jpg	r cut in appropriate shape to cover your
images/000000091.jpg	e first day! Every time he lost his tempe
images/000000092.jpg	s and tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening
images/000000093.jpg	omfortable and were very stony. He could
images/000000094.jpg	es in the forest. He was going to eat it for his 
images/000000095.jpg	een marked down over and over again so that
images/000000096.jpg	ould have emerged like any other beautiful
images/000000097.jpg	 the summer holiday, I want to practice more t
images/000000098.jpg	 all their attempts failed. Finally, the boy
images/000000099.jpg	salt to go to the market in order to sell them. 
images/000000100.jpg	we treat our fellows with respect and toleran
images/000000101.jpg	ties, including the children. Chinese families te
images/000000102.jpg	it comes to the problem of generation gap, 
images/000000103.jpg	the water. But instead of the load becomin
images/000000104.jpg	d stored in the body convert into wings. Thus,
images/000000105.jpg	. Chinese families tend to socialize together,
images/000000106.jpg	watching the butterfly struggling to break 
images/000000107.jpg	are children's first teachers, so family
images/000000108.jpg	ilies are hospitable. The family gathers to
images/000000109.jpg	word, families offer children warmth, care a
images/000000110.jpg	ng materials, which can also help accumu
images/000000111.jpg	 animal cow to cover the road with leath
images/000000112.jpg	at he made the butterfly come out of the
images/000000113.jpg	as never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She 
images/000000114.jpg	in a cave”. The monkeys did not listen to the spa
images/000000115.jpg	nd taunt others with his words. His bad temper ma
images/000000116.jpg	ildren live with their parents even after th
images/000000117.jpg	a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had a c
images/000000118.jpg	ggle!Unfortunately, the butterfly looked no 
images/000000119.jpg	eration gap, people's ideas are not cut f
images/000000120.jpg	e tried, he could not get out of the hole. D
images/000000121.jpg	, except return home where he loaded his donkey
images/000000122.jpg	put so much pressure on myself. One day, 
images/000000123.jpg	we born? Why do we die? For all the answer
images/000000124.jpg	ght it was fire.He caught a firefly. He put
images/000000125.jpg	to eat. He was very hungry. No matter how har
images/000000126.jpg	happy all the time. But I have put so much
images/000000127.jpg	use it to talk to English-speakers, attend sem
images/000000128.jpg	ogether. They had not walked far when they 
images/000000129.jpg	the butterfly and removed the remaining cocoon. T
images/000000130.jpg	ided to leave the trunk and drink some water fr
images/000000131.jpg	d and the day arrived when no nail was hammered! 
images/000000132.jpg	e Yourself and not The WorldLong ago, people
images/000000133.jpg	 tired. Now they realized what the sparrow had s
images/000000134.jpg	every day as he had controlled his anger. Several
images/000000135.jpg	the slippery riverbank, now deliberately, the d
images/000000136.jpg	t his temper, he ran to the fence and ha
images/000000137.jpg	country with leather so that people might fe
images/000000138.jpg	for him and requested the countrymen to wear 
images/000000139.jpg	ing worm! Here is the story of a butterfly
images/000000140.jpg	g the river he again fell into the water. Bu
images/000000141.jpg	 The sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkey
images/000000142.jpg	ravel by foot to interact with his people and a
images/000000143.jpg	t that he had to change this for the better
images/000000144.jpg	ttle boy lived with his father and mother
images/000000145.jpg	y that he visited many pilgrim centres an
images/000000146.jpg	e life of thousands of cows to get the suffi
images/000000147.jpg	parents, they are so happy to see me do well 
images/000000148.jpg	ody.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expand
images/000000149.jpg	ished eating, he felt thirsty and decided to lea
images/000000150.jpg	 disturb both of them. Most of the things tha
images/000000151.jpg	far as I know, it involves several reasons.
images/000000152.jpg	y broaden our vision.How to Be a Successful En
images/000000153.jpg	e things that young generation is keen on are di
images/000000154.jpg	trol his temper.Gradually, the number of nai
images/000000155.jpg	use I miss her very much.I want to stay with h
images/000000156.jpg	 English learning is perseverance in face
images/000000157.jpg	us attempts for several hours, there was no pr
images/000000158.jpg	grim centres at distant places. He decide
images/000000159.jpg	.Unfortunately, the donkey slipped and fell
images/000000160.jpg	ning cocoon. The butterfly emerged withou
images/000000161.jpg	 the road of the whole country with leather 
images/000000162.jpg	ey had not walked far when they reached a r
images/000000163.jpg	d a few nails that the boy could not pull 
images/000000164.jpg	onsisting of three generations is common.Chines
images/000000165.jpg	ce the relationships. Use them to show your heart
images/000000166.jpg	lactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked o
images/000000167.jpg	 physical abuse! Use words for good. Use th
images/000000168.jpg	ends due to anger. He invited all worrie
images/000000169.jpg	mer one nail to the fence every time he became
images/000000170.jpg	d, brilliant, and chronically depressed 
images/000000171.jpg	er to sell them. The merchant and his donkey wer
images/000000172.jpg	o happy to have a conversation with their king 
images/000000173.jpg	 for us to pay closer attention to our fellows.
images/000000174.jpg	n as he walked all the way through the rough pat
images/000000175.jpg	coon to make larger opening for the butt
images/000000176.jpg	ge. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, h
images/000000177.jpg	 to hear his order as it would destroy the life
images/000000178.jpg	well in the exam, I will show my paper to my pare
images/000000179.jpg	part of the forest for many years. I gue
images/000000180.jpg	for the better. Humanism makes the world a 
images/000000181.jpg	ching the river he again fell into the wa
images/000000182.jpg	mained a few nails that the boy could not pull
images/000000183.jpg	the butterfly was trying to make its way t
images/000000184.jpg	est. The monkeys were sitting on the same tree
images/000000185.jpg	 very difficult to hammer the nails and decide
images/000000186.jpg	ping children's personality. Friends are the c
images/000000187.jpg	r distance. He complained to his ministers th
images/000000188.jpg	nto the river and noticed that the bags of 
images/000000189.jpg	d removed the remaining cocoon. The butterfly em
images/000000190.jpg	alking along together. They had not walked f
images/000000191.jpg	I guess he is too busy visiting all the hu
images/000000192.jpg	 around this part of the forest for many years.
images/000000193.jpg	ut the whole idea. Let’s go home now before
images/000000194.jpg	 butterfly and removed the remaining cocoon. The 
images/000000195.jpg	any things that I want to do. For exampi
images/000000196.jpg	, his father told him to remove the nails every
images/000000197.jpg	rn? Why do we die? For all the answers, 
images/000000198.jpg	urn out for the better. Humanism makes th
images/000000199.jpg	He said he was very much worried about th
images/000000200.jpg	give up his anger and develop kindness. Unfor
images/000000201.jpg	 the butterfly would have emerged like any other 
images/000000202.jpg	utterfly struggling to break the shell for sever
images/000000203.jpg	out Emily also didn’t know much about Chris
images/000000204.jpg	nvited all worries for his parents through
images/000000205.jpg	ecided to leave the trunk and drink some wa
images/000000206.jpg	 Chinese families tend to socialize together
images/000000207.jpg	nails hammered on the fence was reduced to 
images/000000208.jpg	ht over the years.Where are these pens? Why ar
images/000000209.jpg	and keeps our minds open to better ways of s
images/000000210.jpg	 enlarged nor the swollen body reduced.Unfor
images/000000211.jpg	to do. For exampie,first I will jion a soccer
images/000000212.jpg	ty of leather and it would cost a huge amount
images/000000213.jpg	with several generations gathering around the 
images/000000214.jpg	s could support the body.  Unfortunately, n
images/000000215.jpg	n the exam, they just want me to be happy. I know
images/000000216.jpg	l be. Nothing in the world is difficult for one w
images/000000217.jpg	 before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and
images/000000218.jpg	ne; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chron
images/000000219.jpg	illage, a little boy lived with his father a
images/000000220.jpg	appealing worm! Here is the story of a butterfly
images/000000221.jpg	enerations should be responsible for solving
images/000000222.jpg	ncluding the children. Chinese families tend to
images/000000223.jpg	 the butterfly struggling to break the shell for 
images/000000224.jpg	there forever. Your bad temper and anger were l
images/000000225.jpg	one nail to the fence every time he became ang
images/000000226.jpg	Chinese families are proud of their harmony a
images/000000227.jpg	 and upset. He told himself, “I wish that 
images/000000228.jpg	should have some ideal qualities to succ
images/000000229.jpg	y them. People of distant places were so ha
images/000000230.jpg	were very depressed due to his bad temper. 
images/000000231.jpg	's outlooks on the world, the gap between them w
images/000000232.jpg	at families offer the environment of livi
images/000000233.jpg	d to change this for the betterment and happ
images/000000234.jpg	to kill the holy animal cow to cover the road wi
images/000000235.jpg	s. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we coul
images/000000236.jpg	sed with the disappearance of all the ballpoi
images/000000237.jpg	, shaking his head.“You see. Santa Claus is onl
images/000000238.jpg	 was two days before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius
images/000000239.jpg	 butterfly might expand the wings, shrink the bod
images/000000240.jpg	! Use words for good. Use them to embrace the r
images/000000241.jpg	nd butterflies. He knew how a butterfly wo
images/000000242.jpg	. The family gathers together to celebrate 
images/000000243.jpg	 are now widely applied in almost every fi
images/000000244.jpg	ic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around th
images/000000245.jpg	ectures, while some students need to use it t
images/000000246.jpg	 nails. He asked his son to hammer one nail to th
images/000000247.jpg	ntity of leather and it would cost a huge amount 
images/000000248.jpg	r and noticed that the bags of salt loaded on his
images/000000249.jpg	to a lot of reading materials, which can also he
images/000000250.jpg	it is, so they are the dearest parts in 
images/000000251.jpg	ace aided by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zap
images/000000252.jpg	a former graduate student obsessed with th
images/000000253.jpg	Unfortunately, even after continuous attem
images/000000254.jpg	ad intolerable pain in his feet as it was his f
images/000000255.jpg	s of cows to get the sufficient quantity of
images/000000256.jpg	 spirit of humanism is apparent in the story of "
images/000000257.jpg	ritz appeared with his little niece Emily a
images/000000258.jpg	 a drastic increase of the hours that peopl
images/000000259.jpg	tive idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you
images/000000260.jpg	nk so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him,
images/000000261.jpg	who can drop in on friends and relatives wit
images/000000262.jpg	never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She d
images/000000263.jpg	appearance of all the ballpoint pens he's bought 
images/000000264.jpg	lves against what the elders have been proud o
images/000000265.jpg	 told him to remove the nails every day as h
images/000000266.jpg	English textbooks or jonrnals and attend Engli
images/000000267.jpg	t has led to this phenomenon? As far as I kn
images/000000268.jpg	ery happy as they had a very prosperous 
images/000000269.jpg	ning cocoon. The butterfly emerged witho
images/000000270.jpg	ic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off t
images/000000271.jpg	I think all of you should take shelter in a c
images/000000272.jpg	ied about the people who used to walk alon
images/000000273.jpg	t to help her in the holidays.What will you do on
images/000000274.jpg	erfly struggling to break the shell for severa
images/000000275.jpg	sparrow. They continued to blow at our poor fir
images/000000276.jpg	rrassed when making some embarrassing mistakes.
images/000000277.jpg	ticipate in all oral activities. The more 
images/000000278.jpg	y pilgrim centres and could see his fell
images/000000279.jpg	y, my parents tell me that they don’t ca
images/000000280.jpg	other monkeys also joined in his effort.A s
images/000000281.jpg	 a very prosperous life with abundance o
images/000000282.jpg	s he is too busy visiting all the human child
images/000000283.jpg	.I want to stay with her for several days.
images/000000284.jpg	 them open, at the same time they must keep in mi
images/000000285.jpg	 Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to p
images/000000286.jpg	hat people might feel comfortable, immed
images/000000287.jpg	red a nail. In the next few days, the number
images/000000288.jpg	s and seeks rational ways of solving human p
images/000000289.jpg	 spoke in anger, his friends and neighbo
images/000000290.jpg	 examples of human goodness can remind us of the
images/000000291.jpg	fferent purposes. Some students need it to 
images/000000292.jpg	ousehold consisting of three generations 
images/000000293.jpg	 the fence every time he became angry and t
images/000000294.jpg	for its wonderful combination of colours. In fac
images/000000295.jpg	 fence never look the same! It has scars all
images/000000296.jpg	cal abuse! Use words for good. Use them to e
images/000000297.jpg	tributes to household duties, including the
images/000000298.jpg	utterflies decided to help the butterfly. He
images/000000299.jpg	 after continuous attempts for several hou
images/000000300.jpg	mputers.The computer has brought a lot of b
images/000000301.jpg	oked no longer beautiful and had a swollen bod
images/000000302.jpg	 were so happy to have a conversation with t
images/000000303.jpg	ip. Don't be intimidated even though you
images/000000304.jpg	on't be intimidated even though you find others
images/000000305.jpg	 Right Son at the Right Time". The soldier e
images/000000306.jpg	 the fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty
images/000000307.jpg	e package, he saw there were a lot of food, br
images/000000308.jpg	low people leading a propitious life. Howeve
images/000000309.jpg	 more than in other countries' family. In Chin
images/000000310.jpg	ck of fireflies. One of the young monkeys 
images/000000311.jpg	st want me to be happy. I know I should rel
images/000000312.jpg	cars all over! You can stab a man with a knife,
images/000000313.jpg	lp the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors and t
images/000000314.jpg	 influence a person's growth. There are two app
images/000000315.jpg	 machine. Today it is used a great deal. Th
images/000000316.jpg	miss her very much.I want to stay with her 
images/000000317.jpg	 happy all the time. But I have put so much pres
images/000000318.jpg	he donkey’s trick. He then returned home aga
images/000000319.jpg	ys became very tired. Now they realized wh
images/000000320.jpg	amily gathers together to celebrate holi
images/000000321.jpg	ould become lighter and smaller and the w
images/000000322.jpg	ly with its beautiful wings.He thought that at
images/000000323.jpg	rn English well. In order to improve the
images/000000324.jpg	find others speaking English better than yo
images/000000325.jpg	. Santa Claus is only for human children,” F
images/000000326.jpg	avoided him.His mother and father consoled him i
images/000000327.jpg	cost a huge amount of money also.A wise 
images/000000328.jpg	set. He told himself, “I wish that I had t
images/000000329.jpg	 think he will come if I write to him?” Emily ask
images/000000330.jpg	hing the merchant could do, except return home 
images/000000331.jpg	sty and decided to leave the trunk and drink som
images/000000332.jpg	hold is always friendly, welcoming, and gen
images/000000333.jpg	he hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had
images/000000334.jpg	py all the time. But I have put so much pres
images/000000335.jpg	yShort Stories - A Merchant and his Don
images/000000336.jpg	is fellow people leading a propitious life. Howev
images/000000337.jpg	arry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy building 
images/000000338.jpg	st want me to be happy. I know I should relax mys
images/000000339.jpg	The fence never look the same! It has scars all o
images/000000340.jpg	e same.  The father appreciated him and aske
images/000000341.jpg	embers in a Chinese family are respectively m
images/000000342.jpg	enefits to us. It makes us do things more q
images/000000343.jpg	n many ways to give up his anger and develop kin
images/000000344.jpg	tend to have many pleasant characters. If 
images/000000345.jpg	mportant part in shaping children's personality
images/000000346.jpg	g the merchant could do, except return home wher
images/000000347.jpg	is first trip by foot to longer distance. 
images/000000348.jpg	y and introduced her.“Emily is from the So
images/000000349.jpg	not pull out.The boy told his father abou
images/000000350.jpg	weather was freezing. A group of monkeys wer
images/000000351.jpg	r, while friends give them strength and courag
images/000000352.jpg	ight Son at the Right Time". The soldier exten
images/000000353.jpg	anger were like that! Words are more painful than
images/000000354.jpg	s it would destroy the life of thousands of 
images/000000355.jpg	mbers in a Chinese family are respectively more 
images/000000356.jpg	 its way. On reaching the river he again fel
images/000000357.jpg	ose his temper. He told his father that it was 
images/000000358.jpg	firefly. He put it under a dry leaf and star
images/000000359.jpg	ly would have emerged like any other beautif
images/000000360.jpg	for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is p
images/000000361.jpg	dered for a pair of leather shoes for him
images/000000362.jpg	o visit places of historical importance an
images/000000363.jpg	 shelter, while friends give them strength and co
images/000000364.jpg	fortunately, even after continuous attem
images/000000365.jpg	thur Dent is plucked off the planet by his fr
images/000000366.jpg	entres at distant places. He decided to trav
images/000000367.jpg	 life, whether you admit it or not. When it c
images/000000368.jpg	lish better than you. Participate in all 
images/000000369.jpg	nd Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revise
images/000000370.jpg	k your thumb to the stars!Summer holiday 
images/000000371.jpg	ut it under a dry leaf and started blowing at
images/000000372.jpg	e to be happy. I know I should relax mysel
images/000000373.jpg	he sparrow continued: “I think all of you should 
images/000000374.jpg	 The weather was freezing. A group of mo
images/000000375.jpg	ery field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to
images/000000376.jpg	 leading a propitious life. However, he had re
images/000000377.jpg	the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eat
images/000000378.jpg	 a time, there was a hungry fox that was looki
images/000000379.jpg	s temper. The little boy found it hilarious a
images/000000380.jpg	 many pleasant characters. If we say that
images/000000381.jpg	the nails and decided to control his temper.
images/000000382.jpg	d man in time of need. The young man's actions we
images/000000383.jpg	 moved to a nearby cave.The Hungry Fox who go
images/000000384.jpg	e fire. It will help us to keep warm”.Suddenly
images/000000385.jpg	Finally he went to the edge of the forest and
images/000000386.jpg	. He was quite happy that he visited many 
images/000000387.jpg	m is apparent in the story of "The Right Son 
images/000000388.jpg	g all the human children to have much time l
images/000000389.jpg	 see his fellow people leading a propitious life.
images/000000390.jpg	e holidays and entertain friends. The hou
images/000000391.jpg	ce more to improve my skills.Second I will go t
images/000000392.jpg	e in shaping children's character. As pa
images/000000393.jpg	se of the hours that people spend on computers pe
images/000000394.jpg	Both generations should be responsible for solvin
images/000000395.jpg	break the shell for several hours. He spent al
images/000000396.jpg	 the butterfly would come out of the cocoon.
images/000000397.jpg	emper and they were hammered on people. You
images/000000398.jpg	in the FenceIn a small village, a little
images/000000399.jpg	d, “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not rea
images/000000400.jpg	village, a little boy lived with his father a
images/000000401.jpg	he monkeys said, “I wish we could find some 
images/000000402.jpg	their children and keep the lines of communicati
images/000000403.jpg	he students need English and they need it for dif
images/000000404.jpg	ttention to our fellows. Occasional examples 
images/000000405.jpg	I know I should relax myself and be happy
images/000000406.jpg	day it is used a great deal. There is a dras
images/000000407.jpg	 also.A wise man from the ministry came t
images/000000408.jpg	rillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girl
images/000000409.jpg	son's growth. One is family, and the other 
images/000000410.jpg	d around with withered wings and huge body. It 
images/000000411.jpg	ifferent ideas disturb both of them. Most of the
images/000000412.jpg	 pair began a journey through space aided b
images/000000413.jpg	 instead of the load becoming lighter, it became
images/000000414.jpg	s, attend seminars, write letters, etc.S
images/000000415.jpg	he Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, fo
images/000000416.jpg	children and the society, so by contacting wit
images/000000417.jpg	so happy to have a conversation with their kin
images/000000418.jpg	ord, families offer children warmth, care an
images/000000419.jpg	to sit over and watch how the butterfly wo
images/000000420.jpg	erent opinions on the reasons why generation 
images/000000421.jpg	f the cocoon without any more struggles. He c
images/000000422.jpg	lebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie 
images/000000423.jpg	iant, and chronically depressed robot; and Veet V
images/000000424.jpg	issors and tweaked the cocoon to make large
images/000000425.jpg	ry of a butterfly that was never able to live
images/000000426.jpg	, people happily lived under the rule of a king. 
images/000000427.jpg	 over their problems with each other activ
images/000000428.jpg	scovered the donkey’s trick. He then returned hom
images/000000429.jpg	elop kindness. Unfortunately, all their attempt
images/000000430.jpg	 through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, e
images/000000431.jpg	ngs that I want to do. For exampie,first I 
images/000000432.jpg	ad of the load becoming lighter, it became hea
images/000000433.jpg	d their own personal computers.The computer has 
images/000000434.jpg	r fellows with respect and tolerance, many
images/000000435.jpg	nt things appeal to different generations. 
images/000000436.jpg	 to school. Except for taking care of me, she als
images/000000437.jpg	le.The fox was very sad and upset. He told hims
images/000000438.jpg	 want to undergo any struggle, we won’t be able t
images/000000439.jpg	o you think he will come if I write to him?” Emil
images/000000440.jpg	ly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Ar
images/000000441.jpg	s may turn out for the better. Humanism makes t
images/000000442.jpg	myself and be happy.A Hole in the FenceIn a s
images/000000443.jpg	ame flying to its nest. The monkeys were sitting 
images/000000444.jpg	rnals and attend English lectures, while
images/000000445.jpg	time they must keep in mind that different th
images/000000446.jpg	The monkeys did not listen to the sparro
images/000000447.jpg	m. As long as both sides keep their minds open t
images/000000448.jpg	tions should be responsible for solving the
images/000000449.jpg	planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a researc
images/000000450.jpg	sing of the society, computers are now widely a
images/000000451.jpg	was able to pull out most of the nails from
images/000000452.jpg	English well. In order to improve the abili
images/000000453.jpg	 Yet, the boy did not lose his temper. He told
images/000000454.jpg	boy did not lose his temper. He told his
images/000000455.jpg	mall and withered wings.The man was happy
images/000000456.jpg	istmas time.”“Does he also bring presents to ani
images/000000457.jpg	onal ways of solving human problems.There are
images/000000458.jpg	out any more struggles. He continued to wat
images/000000459.jpg	eird clothes. Young people either turn a d
images/000000460.jpg	e! Use words for good. Use them to embrace 
images/000000461.jpg	beautiful one.He saw a cocoon with tiny 
images/000000462.jpg	erately, the donkey fell into the river and
images/000000463.jpg	e, she also has to work. Therefore, I want to hel
images/000000464.jpg	tterfly comes from an unappealing worm! Here is
images/000000465.jpg	nically depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a f
images/000000466.jpg	 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number cli
images/000000467.jpg	dent of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia 
images/000000468.jpg	e country with leather so that people might fee
images/000000469.jpg	ms with each other actively, sincerely and
images/000000470.jpg	arby spring. However, no matter how hard
images/000000471.jpg	o, except return home where he loaded hi
images/000000472.jpg	ncluding the children. Chinese families tend t
images/000000473.jpg	lained to his ministers that the roads weren’t c
images/000000474.jpg	uddenly he caught sight of a big tree with a h
images/000000475.jpg	ugh the verbal usage. While he forgot what he s
images/000000476.jpg	 asked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you
images/000000477.jpg	ius, Monty and I were busy building a sn
images/000000478.jpg	and has never seen snow before,” Fritz t
images/000000479.jpg	appy as they had a very prosperous life with ab
images/000000480.jpg	ly. The butterfly had been struggling very har
images/000000481.jpg	ngry fox that was looking for something to 
images/000000482.jpg	re disgusting to them.Both generations s
images/000000483.jpg	o hear his order as it would destroy the life of
images/000000484.jpg	little boy lived with his father and mother. He 
images/000000485.jpg	 number of nails hammered on the fence was r
images/000000486.jpg	by spring. However, no matter how hard he
images/000000487.jpg	uth and has never seen snow before,” Fritz
images/000000488.jpg	t. These different ideas disturb both of them. 
images/000000489.jpg	with his little niece Emily and introduced her.
images/000000490.jpg	raduate student obsessed with the disappearance 
images/000000491.jpg	 hungry. No matter how hard he tried, the 
images/000000492.jpg	n physical abuse! Use words for good. Use the
images/000000493.jpg	inued: “I think all of you should take shelter in
images/000000494.jpg	 looked no longer beautiful and had a swollen 
images/000000495.jpg	d destroy the life of thousands of cows to get t
images/000000496.jpg	ke larger opening for the butterfly and removed 
images/000000497.jpg	a cold and silent night. The weather was
images/000000498.jpg	-hippie and totally out-to-lunch president o
images/000000499.jpg	ed with his little niece Emily and introd
images/000000500.jpg	ore than ten times up, indicating compute
images/000000501.jpg	ld generation is too conservative to acc
images/000000502.jpg	ngs and huge body. It was never able to fly al
images/000000503.jpg	f. The little boy found it very difficult to ha
images/000000504.jpg	ave him a huge bag of nails. He asked his son 
images/000000505.jpg	 them.Both generations should be respons
images/000000506.jpg	f we treat our fellows with respect and tol
images/000000507.jpg	s to household duties, including the children.
images/000000508.jpg	ld not get out of the hole. Do you know why?
images/000000509.jpg	eed to use it to talk to English-speakers, at
images/000000510.jpg	the fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty and 
images/000000511.jpg	leaf and started blowing at it.Some other 
images/000000512.jpg	of humanistic behavior. In the event of a life-
images/000000513.jpg	athering around the television in the evening.
images/000000514.jpg	ime the monkeys became very tired. Now they real
images/000000515.jpg	eautiful and large.If we don’t want to u
images/000000516.jpg	ntity of leather and it would cost a huge amount
images/000000517.jpg	 Veet Voojagig, a former graduate student
images/000000518.jpg	 computers per week, ranging from about 1.5 hour
images/000000519.jpg	 a few nails. The fence never look the s
images/000000520.jpg	 to do many things that I want to do. For e
images/000000521.jpg	inging to its branches. One of the monkeys
images/000000522.jpg	ally, the number of nails hammered to th
images/000000523.jpg	re,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know much about
images/000000524.jpg	 The family gathers together to celebrat
images/000000525.jpg	ys were sitting on the same tree. She noticed w
images/000000526.jpg	 Nothing in the world is difficult for one who se
images/000000527.jpg	involves several reasons. With the rapid progr
images/000000528.jpg	onger distance. He complained to his minist
images/000000529.jpg	t thirsty and decided to leave the trunk a
images/000000530.jpg	lp her in the holidays.What will you do on
images/000000531.jpg	ery hard for hours to come out through the
images/000000532.jpg	mes up, indicating computers are playing a m
images/000000533.jpg	he pain as he walked all the way through
images/000000534.jpg	consisting of three generations is common
images/000000535.jpg	nd when he opened the package, he saw there w
images/000000536.jpg	as his first trip by foot to longer distance. He 
images/000000537.jpg	has scars all over! You can stab a man with a kni
images/000000538.jpg	ker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last
images/000000539.jpg	ish we could find some fire. It will help us t
images/000000540.jpg	g a more and more important role in modern l
images/000000541.jpg	onger beautiful and had a swollen body wit
images/000000542.jpg	rs, there was no progress. It seemed that t
images/000000543.jpg	r set themselves against what the elders ha
images/000000544.jpg	been marked down over and over again so th
images/000000545.jpg	ordered for a pair of leather shoes for him an
images/000000546.jpg	ded to sit over and watch how the butterfly wou
images/000000547.jpg	t 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number cl
images/000000548.jpg	enomenon? As far as I know, it involves 
images/000000549.jpg	complained to his ministers that the roads w
images/000000550.jpg	hey realized what the sparrow had said was corr
images/000000551.jpg	 Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost
images/000000552.jpg	. I guess he is too busy visiting all th
images/000000553.jpg	gap comes into being. Some think that maybe the
images/000000554.jpg	e butterfly and removed the remaining cocoo
images/000000555.jpg	tter ways of seeing things. Computers largely 
images/000000556.jpg	en warmth, care and shelter, while friends give
images/000000557.jpg	line to learn English well. In order to improve
images/000000558.jpg	our fellows with respect and tolerance, many thi
images/000000559.jpg	and tolerance, many things may turn out for t
images/000000560.jpg	contributes to household duties, includi
images/000000561.jpg	arents, they should learn to understand th
images/000000562.jpg	rflies and had a craze for its wonderful comb
images/000000563.jpg	 tree trunk while he cut down trees in the for
images/000000564.jpg	e your bad temper and they were hammered
images/000000565.jpg	ome out of the cocoon. He was watching the butt
images/000000566.jpg	 happiness of the people.His ministers were st
images/000000567.jpg	kly. Further more, it gives us insights into oth
images/000000568.jpg	ranging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. 
images/000000569.jpg	 looked no longer beautiful and had a swollen
images/000000570.jpg	mitment and discipline to learn English well.
images/000000571.jpg	hildren's character. As parents, they sho
images/000000572.jpg	hing the river he again fell into the water. But
images/000000573.jpg	tinuous attempts for several hours, there wa
images/000000574.jpg	o learn English well. In order to improve the a
images/000000575.jpg	ghed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is
images/000000576.jpg	inistry came to the king and said that he had 
images/000000577.jpg	 nails were your bad temper and they were hammere
images/000000578.jpg	butterfly had been struggling very hard for hour
images/000000579.jpg	o him?” Emily asked.“I don’t think so,”
images/000000580.jpg	. He decided to sit over and watch how th
images/000000581.jpg	ager to watch the butterfly fly with its beau
images/000000582.jpg	y tired. Now they realized what the sparr
images/000000583.jpg	ll be narrowed down in time. Both sides s
images/000000584.jpg	me of need. The young man's actions were th
images/000000585.jpg	s: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-arm
images/000000586.jpg	 decline of cost and the fierce market compet
images/000000587.jpg	emper. He told his father that it was se
images/000000588.jpg	society and become sociable.In a word, fami
images/000000589.jpg	heir minds open to each other's outlooks on t
images/000000590.jpg	doing. The sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey sil
images/000000591.jpg	help her in the holidays.What will you d
images/000000592.jpg	give them strength and courage. They both
images/000000593.jpg	under a dry leaf and started blowing at it
images/000000594.jpg	 pull out.The boy told his father about t
images/000000595.jpg	, neither the wings expanded or enlarged n
images/000000596.jpg	really tired when I was go to school. Except for
images/000000597.jpg	that it was several days that he did not hammer
images/000000598.jpg	t tolerate the pain as he walked all the way thro
images/000000599.jpg	disappearance of all the ballpoint pens he's boug
images/000000600.jpg	“The nails were your bad temper and they were ha
images/000000601.jpg	ll worries for his parents through the ver
images/000000602.jpg	Emily is from the South and has never se
images/000000603.jpg	alace. He was quite happy that he visited many pi
images/000000604.jpg	As long as both sides keep their minds open to 
images/000000605.jpg	n so that many people can afford their own pe
images/000000606.jpg	en into account. These different ideas dis
images/000000607.jpg	Santa Claus is only for human children,” Fri
images/000000608.jpg	y both help children to understand the world as
images/000000609.jpg	ry happy as they had a very prosperous li
images/000000610.jpg	me! It has scars all over! You can stab a ma
images/000000611.jpg	d even though you find others speaking Engli
images/000000612.jpg	e opened the package, he saw there were a lot of
images/000000613.jpg	ism. If we treat our fellows with respect and 
images/000000614.jpg	e, a little boy lived with his father and
images/000000615.jpg	o the fence every time he became angry and to lo
images/000000616.jpg	or a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is pluck
images/000000617.jpg	 for hours to come out through the tiny 
images/000000618.jpg	s.What will you do on Summer Holiday?Wh
images/000000619.jpg	mportant part in shaping children's personality
images/000000620.jpg	ail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose hi
images/000000621.jpg	. He put it under a dry leaf and started
images/000000622.jpg	ved the remaining cocoon. The butterfly eme
images/000000623.jpg	 He spent almost more than 10 hours with 
images/000000624.jpg	ius, Monty and I were busy building a sno
images/000000625.jpg	ors who can drop in on friends and relatives with
images/000000626.jpg	ated him and asked him pointing to the hole, 
images/000000627.jpg	es and could see his fellow people leading
images/000000628.jpg	on would let the fluid stored in the body co
images/000000629.jpg	Although the man did it with good intention, on
images/000000630.jpg	English-speakers, attend seminars, write letters
images/000000631.jpg	ere on a tree. They were clinging to its
images/000000632.jpg	on is too conservative to accept anything
images/000000633.jpg	n children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget ab
images/000000634.jpg	reflies. One of the young monkeys though
images/000000635.jpg	y noticed a flock of fireflies. One of the yo
images/000000636.jpg	nto the water. But instead of the load becoming 
images/000000637.jpg	 his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher f
images/000000638.jpg	hose roads as it would be painful for the
images/000000639.jpg	o make way for a galactic freeway, Arthur 
images/000000640.jpg	ess to a lot of reading materials, which
images/000000641.jpg	 the whole country with leather so that p
images/000000642.jpg	ered on the fence was reduced to half. The little
images/000000643.jpg	anta Claus,” I explained, “brings presents an
images/000000644.jpg	t that he had to change this for the betterment a
images/000000645.jpg	ody. It was never able to fly all through
images/000000646.jpg	g along together. They had not walked far
images/000000647.jpg	ipped and fell into the river and noticed that 
images/000000648.jpg	 roads as it would be painful for them too!
images/000000649.jpg	 with leather? Rather, you can just have a 
images/000000650.jpg	 develop kindness. Unfortunately, all their a
images/000000651.jpg	old us. “She doesn’t know much about our w
images/000000652.jpg	ecause I miss her very much.I want to stay with 
images/000000653.jpg	f. The little boy found it very difficult to 
images/000000654.jpg	-speakers, attend seminars, write letters, e
images/000000655.jpg	ith tiny opening. It meant that the butterfly 
images/000000656.jpg	 days before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Mo
images/000000657.jpg	the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after con
images/000000658.jpg	ighbours and even his friends due to ange
images/000000659.jpg	ttention to our fellows. Occasional exampl
images/000000660.jpg	ile, thanks to the decline of cost and t
images/000000661.jpg	me". The soldier extended a helping hand to 
images/000000662.jpg	 their minds open to each other's outlooks on t
images/000000663.jpg	 treat our fellows with respect and tolerance
images/000000664.jpg	ous to visitors who can drop in on friends 
images/000000665.jpg	o matter how hard he tried, he could not get o
images/000000666.jpg	e Importance of HumanismHumanism is a sy
images/000000667.jpg	ust crawled around with withered wings and huge
images/000000668.jpg	ake way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is pl
images/000000669.jpg	. He told himself, “I wish that I had thou
images/000000670.jpg	hter and smaller and the wings would be be
images/000000671.jpg	 ordered for a pair of leather shoes for him 
images/000000672.jpg	isting of three generations is common.Chinese
images/000000673.jpg	ut most of the nails from the fence. Howeve
images/000000674.jpg	 butterfly tried its best and could not give
images/000000675.jpg	crease of the hours that people spend on computer
images/000000676.jpg	 jumped into the hole and when he opened 
images/000000677.jpg	ching the butterfly struggling to break the
images/000000678.jpg	hina, children live with their parents even aft
images/000000679.jpg	ny time, the butterfly might expand the wings, s
images/000000680.jpg	ut 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The numbe
images/000000681.jpg	r attention to our fellows. Occasional example
images/000000682.jpg	coon and the butterfly. The butterfly had bee
images/000000683.jpg	be in favor of their children's hairstyle a
images/000000684.jpg	y applied in almost every field of our life. M
images/000000685.jpg	 in the exam, I will show my paper to my parent
images/000000686.jpg	asted all the bags of salt on its back a
images/000000687.jpg	be in favor of their children's hairstyle an
images/000000688.jpg	 understand the world as it is, so they a
images/000000689.jpg	dren and keep the lines of communications wi
images/000000690.jpg	really tired when I was go to school. Ex
images/000000691.jpg	terfly tried its best and could not give any more
images/000000692.jpg	ys that he did not hammer any nail and h
images/000000693.jpg	he returned to the palace. He was quite happy tha
images/000000694.jpg	all the ballpoint pens he's bought over the y
images/000000695.jpg	friends make another important part in shap
images/000000696.jpg	r the fox had finished eating, he felt th
images/000000697.jpg	 a propitious life. However, he had regre
images/000000698.jpg	 young man's actions were the example of humanis
images/000000699.jpg	 help the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors
images/000000700.jpg	the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia Mc
images/000000701.jpg	colded kids, neighbours and even his fri
images/000000702.jpg	e of a king. The people of the kingdom w
images/000000703.jpg	ed the package, he saw there were a lot of food, 
images/000000704.jpg	generations. Those who grow up in happy fa
images/000000705.jpg	o help her in the holidays.What will you do on
images/000000706.jpg	worm! Here is the story of a butterfly that was 
images/000000707.jpg	what he spoke in anger, his friends and neighbou
images/000000708.jpg	al days that he did not hammer any nail and 
images/000000709.jpg	he had to change this for the betterment and h
images/000000710.jpg	 and the butterfly. The butterfly had bee
images/000000711.jpg	n would let the fluid stored in the body convert 
images/000000712.jpg	after continuous attempts for several hour
images/000000713.jpg	this part of the forest for many years. I gue
images/000000714.jpg	e holidays and entertain friends. The household i
images/000000715.jpg	ence a person's growth. There are two appar
images/000000716.jpg	group of monkeys were on a tree. They wer
images/000000717.jpg	get access to a lot of reading materials, wh
images/000000718.jpg	from the fence. However, there remained a few
images/000000719.jpg	ave some ideal qualities to succeed in English 
images/000000720.jpg	aduate student obsessed with the disappearance o
images/000000721.jpg	ours and even his friends due to anger. He i
images/000000722.jpg	ld, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy animal cow
images/000000723.jpg	he evening.The Importance of HumanismHu
images/000000724.jpg	thought that at any time, the butterfly might e
images/000000725.jpg	o practice more to improve my skills.Second I 
images/000000726.jpg	t to practice more to improve my skills.Sec
images/000000727.jpg	gles the butterfly would have emerged like an
images/000000728.jpg	read English textbooks or jonrnals and attend E
images/000000729.jpg	ety, so by contacting with friends one c
images/000000730.jpg	es, the fox had eaten so much food that he becam
images/000000731.jpg	ther, this dynamic pair began a journey throug
images/000000732.jpg	 at the same time they must keep in mind that
images/000000733.jpg	e many examples that demonstrate humanism. 
images/000000734.jpg	 a little before jumping into the hole.”Comp
images/000000735.jpg	 the sparrow. They continued to blow at our poor 
images/000000736.jpg	 more quickly. Further more, it gives us insi
images/000000737.jpg	avior. In the event of a life-threatening em
images/000000738.jpg	 transform from an ugly caterpillar into a b
images/000000739.jpg	e ballpoint pens he's bought over the yea
images/000000740.jpg	ildren and the society, so by contacting wit
images/000000741.jpg	English reading comprehension, one should 
images/000000742.jpg	19 hours. The number climbs more than ten times
images/000000743.jpg	ot get out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes,
images/000000744.jpg	h her for several days.Last I will help my mother
images/000000745.jpg	amilies are hospitable. The family gathers 
images/000000746.jpg	n to hammer one nail to the fence every time he 
images/000000747.jpg	old consisting of three generations is common.
images/000000748.jpg	s nest. The monkeys were sitting on the same
images/000000749.jpg	decided to go on a travel to visit place
images/000000750.jpg	r angry words. He scolded kids, neighbours 
images/000000751.jpg	nce. He complained to his ministers that the
images/000000752.jpg	are not cut from the same cloth. Parents may 
images/000000753.jpg	hungry fox immediately thought that there migh
images/000000754.jpg	er. Several days passed and the boy was abl
images/000000755.jpg	do we die? For all the answers, stick your th
images/000000756.jpg	oud that their king was so kind with a good h
images/000000757.jpg	 to live in.
images/000000758.jpg	ds, neighbours and even his friends due to
images/000000759.jpg	nails but still see the holes in the fenc
images/000000760.jpg	oices are not taken into account. These differe
images/000000761.jpg	rm from an ugly caterpillar into a beautif
images/000000762.jpg	etter your spoken English will be. Nothi
images/000000763.jpg	e of cost and the fierce market competit
images/000000764.jpg	and the wings, shrink the body and the w
images/000000765.jpg	ppy to see me do well in the exam. I want to 
images/000000766.jpg	A sparrow came flying to its nest. The monkey
images/000000767.jpg	, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy animal c
images/000000768.jpg	rtunately, the donkey slipped and fell into the
images/000000769.jpg	 on friends and relatives without previous in
images/000000770.jpg	here were a lot of food, bread, meat and f
images/000000771.jpg	 The young man's actions were the example of hum
images/000000772.jpg	ther's outlooks on the world, the gap betw
images/000000773.jpg	for taking care of me, she also has to work. Ther
images/000000774.jpg	on's growth. One is family, and the other is fr
images/000000775.jpg	 words. His bad temper made him fall for 
images/000000776.jpg	man children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forge
images/000000777.jpg	onkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a merchant 
images/000000778.jpg	nce, many things may turn out for the better.
images/000000779.jpg	ing from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The n
images/000000780.jpg	der the rule of a king. The people of the k
images/000000781.jpg	the elders have been proud of.People have diff
images/000000782.jpg	n,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about the 
images/000000783.jpg	into the hole and when he opened the package, he
images/000000784.jpg	n but re-loaded his donkey with bags of spon
images/000000785.jpg	open, at the same time they must keep in mind th
images/000000786.jpg	lls.Second I will go to my grandma's house,
images/000000787.jpg	en after continuous attempts for several hours, t
images/000000788.jpg	 and noticed that the bags of salt loaded o
images/000000789.jpg	ot find food. Finally he went to the edge of th
images/000000790.jpg	x myself and be happy.A Hole in the FenceIn 
images/000000791.jpg	told the boy, “The nails were your bad temper and
images/000000792.jpg	en into account. These different ideas distur
images/000000793.jpg	d its best and could not give any more try.
images/000000794.jpg	ring the summer holiday, I want to practice mo
images/000000795.jpg	t that he had to change this for the bette
images/000000796.jpg	travel by foot to interact with his peopl
images/000000797.jpg	rn English well. In order to improve the abilit
images/000000798.jpg	lub,because I like playing soccer.During
images/000000799.jpg	silly monkeys that is a firefly, not real fire”
images/000000800.jpg	 ministry came to the king and said that he had 
images/000000801.jpg	 and decided to control his temper.Gradually, 
images/000000802.jpg	the trunk and drink some water from a nearb
images/000000803.jpg	s it would destroy the life of thousands 
images/000000804.jpg	In order to improve the ability of English r
images/000000805.jpg	less factors may influence a person's grow
images/000000806.jpg	, it became heavier.Cocoon and the ButterflyM
images/000000807.jpg	 use it to talk to English-speakers, attend semin
images/000000808.jpg	ul of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox,
images/000000809.jpg	 that he visited many pilgrim centres and could s
images/000000810.jpg	se his temper. He told his father that it was se
images/000000811.jpg	erent opinions on the reasons why generation ga
images/000000812.jpg	 see. Santa Claus is only for human child
images/000000813.jpg	as freezing. A group of monkeys were on a tree. 
images/000000814.jpg	set. He told himself, “I wish that I had though
images/000000815.jpg	butterfly would come out of the cocoon. He 
images/000000816.jpg	 anger and develop kindness. Unfortunately, 
images/000000817.jpg	m calls for us to pay closer attention to our 
images/000000818.jpg	  The father appreciated him and asked him po
images/000000819.jpg	price has been marked down over and over 
images/000000820.jpg	e and when he opened the package, he saw the
images/000000821.jpg	he nails from the fence. However, there rema
images/000000822.jpg	nals and attend English lectures, while s
images/000000823.jpg	tterfly that was never able to live a li
images/000000824.jpg	ng for something to eat. He was very hungry. No 
images/000000825.jpg	 butterfly tried its best and could not g
images/000000826.jpg	erfly would have emerged like any other bea
images/000000827.jpg	some fire. It will help us to keep warm”.Sud
images/000000828.jpg	n to our fellows. Occasional examples of
images/000000829.jpg	usy visiting all the human children to have mu
images/000000830.jpg	on of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy w
images/000000831.jpg	ger distance. He complained to his ministers
images/000000832.jpg	oung generation is keen on are disgusting to th
images/000000833.jpg	nd totally out-to-lunch president of the galax
images/000000834.jpg	never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She do
images/000000835.jpg	body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expand
images/000000836.jpg	perous life with abundance of wealth and n
images/000000837.jpg	cided to go on a travel to visit places of h
images/000000838.jpg	 The family gathers together to celebrate 
images/000000839.jpg	lt to go to the market in order to sell them
images/000000840.jpg	d Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised e
images/000000841.jpg	rt from the butterfly to come out of its
images/000000842.jpg	y, the donkey slipped and fell into the riv
images/000000843.jpg	 spring morning, a merchant loaded his donke
images/000000844.jpg	en's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young peo
images/000000845.jpg	lose his temper. He told his father that i
images/000000846.jpg	try.The man, who had a passion and love
images/000000847.jpg	at the butterfly was trying to make its way
images/000000848.jpg	nd anger were like that! Words are more painf
images/000000849.jpg	rld, the gap between them will be narrowed d
images/000000850.jpg	ished eating, he felt thirsty and decided to leav
images/000000851.jpg	made the butterfly come out of the cocoon with
images/000000852.jpg	computers per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours
images/000000853.jpg	e ideal qualities to succeed in English learnin
images/000000854.jpg	 jion a soccer club,because I like playing s
images/000000855.jpg	have many pleasant characters. If we say that fam
images/000000856.jpg	ey should learn to understand their children and 
images/000000857.jpg	ils every day as he had controlled his ange
images/000000858.jpg	fox had eaten so much food that he became too bi
images/000000859.jpg	ld come out of the cocoon. He was watching
images/000000860.jpg	, the body would become lighter and smaller
images/000000861.jpg	hip. Don't be intimidated even though you f
images/000000862.jpg	 be narrowed down in time. Both sides should talk
images/000000863.jpg	e parents of the little boy were very depr
images/000000864.jpg	 combination of colours. In fact, he used to 
images/000000865.jpg	elders' experience-based advice or set the
images/000000866.jpg	e sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys
images/000000867.jpg	ren at Christmas time.”“Does he also bring pr
images/000000868.jpg	 as it would destroy the life of thousands of c
images/000000869.jpg	bal usage. While he forgot what he spoke in an
images/000000870.jpg	could do, except return home where he loaded h
images/000000871.jpg	 same time they must keep in mind that d
images/000000872.jpg	that was never able to live a life like 
images/000000873.jpg	reatening emergency, humanism can be as i
images/000000874.jpg	support the body.  Unfortunately, neither the win
images/000000875.jpg	appearance of all the ballpoint pens he's bo
images/000000876.jpg	s bad temper made him fall for angry word
images/000000877.jpg	e butterfly was trying to make its way to enjoy
images/000000878.jpg	d let the fluid stored in the body conve
images/000000879.jpg	ork. She was really tired when I was go to s
images/000000880.jpg	ds and relatives without previous invitati
images/000000881.jpg	n, one should get access to a lot of reading mat
images/000000882.jpg	anches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish 
images/000000883.jpg	hing to eat. He was very hungry. No matter how ha
images/000000884.jpg	be narrowed down in time. Both sides should 
images/000000885.jpg	to be happy all the time. But I have put so much 
images/000000886.jpg	 human children at Christmas time.”“Does he als
images/000000887.jpg	the river he again fell into the water. But ins
images/000000888.jpg	n without any more struggles. He continued to w
images/000000889.jpg	n. He was watching the butterfly struggling t
images/000000890.jpg	 the king and said that he had another id
images/000000891.jpg	larged nor the swollen body reduced.Unfo
images/000000892.jpg	out the people who used to walk along those
images/000000893.jpg	aranoid, brilliant, and chronically depressed ro
images/000000894.jpg	and he did not lose his temper!Now, his fathe
images/000000895.jpg	irst I will jion a soccer club,because I
images/000000896.jpg	ng, he felt thirsty and decided to leave the 
images/000000897.jpg	ngs would be beautiful and large.If we don’t w
images/000000898.jpg	e,because I miss her very much.I want to 
images/000000899.jpg	day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet, t
images/000000900.jpg	 river and wasted all the bags of salt on its 
images/000000901.jpg	d not find food. Finally he went to the e
images/000000902.jpg	y does play an important role in shaping childr
images/000000903.jpg	ails hammered on the fence was reduced to h
images/000000904.jpg	ld the boy, “The nails were your bad temper a
images/000000905.jpg	Cocoon and the ButterflyMany of us know that 
images/000000906.jpg	examples that demonstrate humanism. The spirit o
images/000000907.jpg	r climbs more than ten times up, indicating comp
images/000000908.jpg	er, while friends give them strength and courag
images/000000909.jpg	t places were so happy to have a conversa
images/000000910.jpg	e ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In the n
images/000000911.jpg	 a piece of leather cut in appropriate s
images/000000912.jpg	e on a tree. They were clinging to its branche
images/000000913.jpg	y soon and taunt others with his words. His bad 
images/000000914.jpg	 robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former gradu
images/000000915.jpg	robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate st
images/000000916.jpg	r of nails hammered to the fence was reduce
images/000000917.jpg	ike that! Words are more painful than physical
images/000000918.jpg	 a man with a knife, but the wound will r
images/000000919.jpg	relationships. Use them to show your heart!”A
images/000000920.jpg	several generations gathering around the tel
images/000000921.jpg	remove the nails but still see the holes in the
images/000000922.jpg	cost and the fierce market competition, the pri
images/000000923.jpg	 very soon and taunt others with his words.
images/000000924.jpg	 caterpillar into a beautiful one.He saw a cocoo
images/000000925.jpg	and applauded the minister. He ordered for
images/000000926.jpg	f the family contributes to household duties, i
images/000000927.jpg	e were a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit in it
images/000000928.jpg	hat I want to do. For exampie,first I will jion
images/000000929.jpg	al qualities to succeed in English learning.
images/000000930.jpg	 of humanistic behavior. In the event of a 
images/000000931.jpg	dly, welcoming, and generous to visitors 
images/000000932.jpg	 the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMilla
images/000000933.jpg	had to change this for the betterment and h
images/000000934.jpg	fall for angry words. He scolded kids, neighbo
images/000000935.jpg	we don’t want to undergo any struggle, we won’t 
images/000000936.jpg	ed the package, he saw there were a lot of food,
images/000000937.jpg	 that they don’t care how I do well in the exam
images/000000938.jpg	The parents of the little boy were very depre
images/000000939.jpg	r a pair of leather shoes for him and reques
images/000000940.jpg	e felt thirsty and decided to leave the trunk a
images/000000941.jpg	rrowed down in time. Both sides should talk
images/000000942.jpg	earched there for food. Suddenly he caug
images/000000943.jpg	air of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make la
images/000000944.jpg	mmer holiday is coming.I am going to do m
images/000000945.jpg	pull out a few nails. The fence never loo
images/000000946.jpg	 cold air.“Santa Claus,” I explained, “bring
images/000000947.jpg	It was two days before Christmas. Harry, C
images/000000948.jpg	 leather? Rather, you can just have a piece of l
images/000000949.jpg	ant loaded his donkey with bags of salt to go 
images/000000950.jpg	use! Use words for good. Use them to embrace the
images/000000951.jpg	re proud that their king was so kind with a 
images/000000952.jpg	 slipped and fell into the river and noticed th
images/000000953.jpg	n the exam. I want to be happy all the t
images/000000954.jpg	heir children and keep the lines of commun
images/000000955.jpg	shed to make way for a galactic freeway, Arthur
images/000000956.jpg	was his alternative idea. The minister told, 
images/000000957.jpg	ld. He decided to sit over and watch how the b
images/000000958.jpg	eemed that the butterfly tried its best and c
images/000000959.jpg	refect, a researcher for the revised edition o
images/000000960.jpg	felt thirsty and decided to leave the trun
images/000000961.jpg	ys that is a firefly, not real fire”.Th
images/000000962.jpg	ey must keep in mind that different things appe
images/000000963.jpg	er and father consoled him in many ways to give u
images/000000964.jpg	se it to talk to English-speakers, attend s
images/000000965.jpg	urs. In fact, he used to spend a lot of 
images/000000966.jpg	us of the meaning of humanism. If we tre
images/000000967.jpg	 the cocoon to make larger opening for the
images/000000968.jpg	in set on its way. On reaching the river he ag
images/000000969.jpg	' family. In China, children live with their pare
images/000000970.jpg	king his head.“You see. Santa Claus is only fo
images/000000971.jpg	 and tolerance, many things may turn out for 
images/000000972.jpg	 children's first teachers, so family does play a
images/000000973.jpg	ccess to a lot of reading materials, which c
images/000000974.jpg	 minds open to better ways of seeing things. 
images/000000975.jpg	er some time the monkeys became very tired. N
images/000000976.jpg	 for the butterfly and removed the remaining coco
images/000000977.jpg	 minds open to better ways of seeing things.
images/000000978.jpg	z appeared with his little niece Emily and intro
images/000000979.jpg	s and tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening 
images/000000980.jpg	utlooks on the world, the gap between th
images/000000981.jpg	u admit it or not. When it comes to the 
images/000000982.jpg	 had been struggling very hard for hours to c
images/000000983.jpg	lucked off the planet by his friend Ford Prefec
images/000000984.jpg	r he again fell into the water. But instead
images/000000985.jpg	 of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decl
images/000000986.jpg	ood in it, and he became very happy. He jum
images/000000987.jpg	some time the monkeys became very tired. Now th
images/000000988.jpg	n remove the nails but still see the holes i
images/000000989.jpg	s through the verbal usage. While he forgot 
images/000000990.jpg	 SurpriseIt was two days before Christmas
images/000000991.jpg	y looked no longer beautiful and had a sw
images/000000992.jpg	 can drop in on friends and relatives without p
images/000000993.jpg	to help her in the holidays.What will you d
images/000000994.jpg	e children. Chinese families tend to soc
images/000000995.jpg	you admit it or not. When it comes to the pr
images/000000996.jpg	iced a flock of fireflies. One of the yo
images/000000997.jpg	ents even after they get married. So a hou
images/000000998.jpg	 will be. Nothing in the world is difficul
images/000000999.jpg	 read English textbooks or jonrnals and attend
images/000001000.jpg	inars, write letters, etc.Students should 
images/000001001.jpg	o pick up at a cocktail party once upon a
images/000001002.jpg	t a cocktail party once upon a time zone; Marvi
images/000001003.jpg	emed that the butterfly tried its best and could
images/000001004.jpg	ot of food, bread, meat and fruit in it!An 
images/000001005.jpg	anger were like that! Words are more painful than
images/000001006.jpg	n gap, people's ideas are not cut from the same
images/000001007.jpg	ove for butterflies decided to help the butterf
images/000001008.jpg	heir king and they were proud that their king wa
images/000001009.jpg	t was looking for something to eat. He was very 
images/000001010.jpg	hought that at any time, the butterfly m
images/000001011.jpg	 up with an idea.One day, his father gave him 
images/000001012.jpg	his mind on it.Views on Generation GapGeneratio
images/000001013.jpg	of humanism. If we treat our fellows with r
images/000001014.jpg	in the story of "The Right Son at the Right 
images/000001015.jpg	f we don’t want to undergo any struggle, we wo
images/000001016.jpg	fe. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of co
images/000001017.jpg	actic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off
images/000001018.jpg	 and even his friends due to anger. He invited
images/000001019.jpg	 from a nearby spring. However, no matter ho
images/000001020.jpg	he fierce market competition, the price has be
images/000001021.jpg	s should be responsible for solving the pro
images/000001022.jpg	 food that he became too big to fit through 
images/000001023.jpg	ly tired when I was go to school. Except for ta
images/000001024.jpg	ert into wings. Thus, the body would become lig
images/000001025.jpg	hought that at any time, the butterfly m
images/000001026.jpg	s that demonstrate humanism. The spirit of huma
images/000001027.jpg	linging to its branches. One of the monke
images/000001028.jpg	soccer.During the summer holiday, I want to pract
images/000001029.jpg	lish and they need it for different purposes. So
images/000001030.jpg	building a snowman when Fritz appeared with
images/000001031.jpg	ciety. Humanism calls for us to pay closer att
images/000001032.jpg	her cultures and keeps our minds open to b
images/000001033.jpg	dren to have much time left for animals.
images/000001034.jpg	z said to Emily. “So forget about the whole 
images/000001035.jpg	o school. Except for taking care of me, she also 
images/000001036.jpg	d they need it for different purposes. Some
images/000001037.jpg	 meat and fruit in it!An old woodcutter had 
images/000001038.jpg	onderful combination of colours. In fact, he 
images/000001039.jpg	alities to succeed in English learning. It requi
images/000001040.jpg	ow a butterfly would struggle to transform from a
images/000001041.jpg	r. Humanism makes the world a more beautiful plac
images/000001042.jpg	 the exam, I will show my paper to my par
images/000001043.jpg	person's growth. There are two apparent factor
images/000001044.jpg	ited many pilgrim centres and could see h
images/000001045.jpg	 beautiful and colourful butterfly comes fro
images/000001046.jpg	and to lose his temper. The little boy found i
images/000001047.jpg	iful butterflies! The continuous effort fro
images/000001048.jpg	luding the children. Chinese families tend to 
images/000001049.jpg	. After the fox had finished eating, he felt t
images/000001050.jpg	intolerable pain in his feet as it was his
images/000001051.jpg	ldren live with their parents even after t
images/000001052.jpg	 and to lose his temper. The little boy found 
images/000001053.jpg	ried, he could not get out of the hole. Do you k
images/000001054.jpg	ly and he was quite eager to watch the butterfl
images/000001055.jpg	 and he became very happy. He jumped into 
images/000001056.jpg	e should get access to a lot of reading m
images/000001057.jpg	ebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie a
images/000001058.jpg	es, while some students need to use it to ta
images/000001059.jpg	ations. Those who grow up in happy familie
images/000001060.jpg	ive idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you wan
images/000001061.jpg	saw there were a lot of food, bread, meat and f
images/000001062.jpg	y, my parents tell me that they don’t car
images/000001063.jpg	he man, who had a passion and love for butter
images/000001064.jpg	ght a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf and
images/000001065.jpg	might be food in it, and he became very happy. 
images/000001066.jpg	d. So a household consisting of three gener
images/000001067.jpg	nto the hole and when he opened the package,
images/000001068.jpg	 air.“Santa Claus,” I explained, “brings prese
images/000001069.jpg	etween them will be narrowed down in time. Both s
images/000001070.jpg	s head.“You see. Santa Claus is only for hu
images/000001071.jpg	intenance of our society. Humanism calls for u
images/000001072.jpg	ded to help the butterfly. He got a pair of sciss
images/000001073.jpg	petition, the price has been marked down o
images/000001074.jpg	, care and shelter, while friends give them 
images/000001075.jpg	salt loaded on his back became lighter.T
images/000001076.jpg	e river and wasted all the bags of salt on its b
images/000001077.jpg	and shelter, while friends give them strength a
images/000001078.jpg	d. The young man's actions were the example of hu
images/000001079.jpg	r daily life, whether you admit it or not.
images/000001080.jpg	I miss her very much.I want to stay with her
images/000001081.jpg	ed the minister. He ordered for a pair of
images/000001082.jpg	mper. The boy used to get angry very soon an
images/000001083.jpg	hammer any nail and he did not lose his tem
images/000001084.jpg	er and it would cost a huge amount of money a
images/000001085.jpg	 and anger were like that! Words are more 
images/000001086.jpg	nto the river and wasted all the bags of sal
images/000001087.jpg	alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Wh
images/000001088.jpg	ctual medical treatment.In the civilized world h
images/000001089.jpg	on human needs and seeks rational ways o
images/000001090.jpg	 whole country with leather so that peopl
images/000001091.jpg	father consoled him in many ways to give up
images/000001092.jpg	hy do you want to kill the holy animal cow t
images/000001093.jpg	ard for hours to come out through the tiny openi
images/000001094.jpg	They set free the firefly and moved to a nearb
images/000001095.jpg	that there might be food in it, and he becam
images/000001096.jpg	y examples that demonstrate humanism. The s
images/000001097.jpg	dge of the forest and searched there for food. S
images/000001098.jpg	e ButterflyMany of us know that a beautiful and
images/000001099.jpg	ind that different things appeal to diffe
images/000001100.jpg	but re-loaded his donkey with bags of spon
images/000001101.jpg	and could see his fellow people leading 
images/000001102.jpg	ho, for the last fifteen years, has been posi
images/000001103.jpg	ly comes from an unappealing worm! Here is the 
images/000001104.jpg	so that people might feel comfortable, imm
images/000001105.jpg	oved the remaining cocoon. The butterfly emer
images/000001106.jpg	oaded his donkey with bags of salt to go to the 
images/000001107.jpg	ny ways to give up his anger and develop k
images/000001108.jpg	cating computers are playing a more and m
images/000001109.jpg	 was never able to fly all through its life.
images/000001110.jpg	air began a journey through space aided by a g
images/000001111.jpg	” she asked me, shivering in the cold ai
images/000001112.jpg	s parents, they should learn to understand their
images/000001113.jpg	Does he also bring presents to animal childre
images/000001114.jpg	 English better than you. Participate in al
images/000001115.jpg	turn home where he loaded his donkey with more ba
images/000001116.jpg	 the first day! Every time he lost his tem
images/000001117.jpg	help us to keep warm”.Suddenly they noticed a 
images/000001118.jpg	fortunately, all their attempts failed. F
images/000001119.jpg	. Chinese families tend to socialize tog
images/000001120.jpg	er very much.I want to stay with her for several 
images/000001121.jpg	o the stars!Summer holiday is coming.I a
images/000001122.jpg	the Right Time". The soldier extended a h
images/000001123.jpg	 you see there?’The boy replied, ‘a hole in th
images/000001124.jpg	n set on its way. On reaching the river he 
images/000001125.jpg	erance, many things may turn out for the be
images/000001126.jpg	g together. They had not walked far when th
images/000001127.jpg	 welcoming, and generous to visitors who
images/000001128.jpg	w a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had a cra
images/000001129.jpg	e scolded kids, neighbours and even his friend
images/000001130.jpg	, while friends give them strength and c
images/000001131.jpg	ody. It was never able to fly all throug
images/000001132.jpg	 caught sight of a big tree with a hole in it.
images/000001133.jpg	 while he cut down trees in the forest. He was g
images/000001134.jpg	erent purposes. Some students need it to r
images/000001135.jpg	nail to the fence every time he became angry
images/000001136.jpg	 neighbours and even his friends due to an
images/000001137.jpg	: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-ar
images/000001138.jpg	ogether. They had not walked far when th
images/000001139.jpg	 holiday is coming.I am going to do many thing
images/000001140.jpg	o they are the dearest parts in one's lif
images/000001141.jpg	 were very depressed due to his bad temper.
images/000001142.jpg	l jion a soccer club,because I like playing so
images/000001143.jpg	keep the lines of communications with them open,
images/000001144.jpg	appropriate shape to cover your feet?’The ki
images/000001145.jpg	ith abundance of wealth and no misfortunes
images/000001146.jpg	. He was going to eat it for his lunch.The
images/000001147.jpg	d a very prosperous life with abundance of wealth
images/000001148.jpg	rough the hole.The fox was very sad and up
images/000001149.jpg	merged like any other beautiful butterflies! The 
images/000001150.jpg	 days, the number of nails hammered on t
images/000001151.jpg	. There is a drastic increase of the hours t
images/000001152.jpg	complained to his ministers that the roads
images/000001153.jpg	c behavior. In the event of a life-threateni
images/000001154.jpg	d the cocoon to make larger opening for the butte
images/000001155.jpg	 depressed due to his bad temper. The boy
images/000001156.jpg	tance and pilgrim centres at distant places. H
images/000001157.jpg	d even though you find others speaking Engli
images/000001158.jpg	ne of cost and the fierce market competit
images/000001159.jpg	he returned to the palace. He was quite happy tha
images/000001160.jpg	The fox happily began to eat. After the fox 
images/000001161.jpg	of historical importance and pilgrim centres
images/000001162.jpg	ot listen to the sparrow. They continued to
images/000001163.jpg	s nothing the merchant could do, except return 
images/000001164.jpg	r is a wonderful machine. Today it is used 
images/000001165.jpg	kindness. Unfortunately, all their attemp
images/000001166.jpg	help my mother do some housework. She was re
images/000001167.jpg	 have put so much pressure on myself. One day,
images/000001168.jpg	ept anything new. Their voices are not tak
images/000001169.jpg	as it would destroy the life of thousands o
images/000001170.jpg	ers were stunned to hear his order as it woul
images/000001171.jpg	hinese family are respectively more than in o
images/000001172.jpg	rflies. He knew how a butterfly would strugg
images/000001173.jpg	king and they were proud that their king was 
images/000001174.jpg	ng of humanism. If we treat our fellows with 
images/000001175.jpg	to his bad temper. The boy used to get angry 
images/000001176.jpg	s' experience-based advice or set themselve
images/000001177.jpg	y difficult to hammer the nails and decided
images/000001178.jpg	red on the fence was reduced to half. The l
images/000001179.jpg	t very difficult to hammer the nails and d
images/000001180.jpg	in the body convert into wings. Thus, th
images/000001181.jpg	ve put so much pressure on myself. One day, my
images/000001182.jpg	of you should take shelter in a cave”. Th
images/000001183.jpg	d that their king was so kind with a good heart
images/000001184.jpg	eautiful butterflies! The continuous effort 
images/000001185.jpg	While he forgot what he spoke in anger, h
images/000001186.jpg	y who, for the last fifteen years, has been posin
images/000001187.jpg	watch the butterfly fly with its beautiful w
images/000001188.jpg	the human children to have much time left for
images/000001189.jpg	ox had finished eating, he felt thirsty and
images/000001190.jpg	e.Family Life in ChinaThe members in a Chinese 
images/000001191.jpg	 the nails every day as he had controlled his ang
images/000001192.jpg	a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and 
images/000001193.jpg	ricky donkey again set on its way. On reaching 
images/000001194.jpg	 were proud that their king was so kind with a g
images/000001195.jpg	well in the exam. I want to be happy all
images/000001196.jpg	gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked his son
images/000001197.jpg	s donkey with bags of salt to go to the 
images/000001198.jpg	 for taking care of me, she also has to work
images/000001199.jpg	 English-speakers, attend seminars, write letters
images/000001200.jpg	st surroundings is the family in which he wil
images/000001201.jpg	t from the butterfly to come out of its cocoon
images/000001202.jpg	e housework. She was really tired when I was go 
images/000001203.jpg	butterfly and he was quite eager to watch the
images/000001204.jpg	old woodcutter had placed the food in the
images/000001205.jpg	Humanism is a system of beliefs that focuses on 
images/000001206.jpg	It makes us do things more quickly. Further
images/000001207.jpg	t. The weather was freezing. A group of monk
images/000001208.jpg	rld is difficult for one who sets his mind on it.
images/000001209.jpg	ch president of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly T
images/000001210.jpg	stCountless factors may influence a person
images/000001211.jpg	weren’t comfortable and were very stony. He coul
images/000001212.jpg	panded or enlarged nor the swollen body redu
images/000001213.jpg	 see his fellow people leading a propitious 
images/000001214.jpg	, children live with their parents even after 
images/000001215.jpg	 holy animal cow to cover the road with leath
images/000001216.jpg	 time of need. The young man's actions were t
images/000001217.jpg	ed a flock of fireflies. One of the young m
images/000001218.jpg	pened the package, he saw there were a l
images/000001219.jpg	r some time the monkeys became very tired.
images/000001220.jpg	 who used to walk along those roads as it w
images/000001221.jpg	id not lose his temper. He told his father tha
images/000001222.jpg	 decline of cost and the fierce market compe
images/000001223.jpg	hilarious and accepted to do what his father sa
images/000001224.jpg	ing to do many things that I want to do.
images/000001225.jpg	s are the connections between children and th
images/000001226.jpg	re was a hungry fox that was looking for somet
images/000001227.jpg	an important role in the maintenance of our soci
images/000001228.jpg	oud that their king was so kind with a go
images/000001229.jpg	importance and pilgrim centres at distant place
images/000001230.jpg	ry fox immediately thought that there might be f
images/000001231.jpg	t comes to the problem of generation gap
images/000001232.jpg	eeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the planet 
images/000001233.jpg	 our society. Humanism calls for us to pay 
images/000001234.jpg	the same time they must keep in mind that diff
images/000001235.jpg	 should have some ideal qualities to suc
images/000001236.jpg	. The number climbs more than ten times 
images/000001237.jpg	y of English reading comprehension, one should
images/000001238.jpg	o is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, sh
images/000001239.jpg	e decided to sit over and watch how the butterfly
images/000001240.jpg	onderful machine. Today it is used a great
images/000001241.jpg	vor of their children's hairstyle and weird clo
images/000001242.jpg	he king thought that he had to change this fo
images/000001243.jpg	e ministry came to the king and said that he
images/000001244.jpg	 beautiful spring morning, a merchant loa
images/000001245.jpg	improve the ability of English reading comprehe
images/000001246.jpg	, this dynamic pair began a journey throu
images/000001247.jpg	glish and they need it for different purposes
images/000001248.jpg	he is too busy visiting all the human ch
images/000001249.jpg	is alternative idea. The minister told, ‘
images/000001250.jpg	, meat and fruit in it!An old woodcutter had pla
images/000001251.jpg	pinions on the reasons why generation gap comes i
images/000001252.jpg	ded to travel by foot to interact with h
images/000001253.jpg	t of food, bread, meat and fruit in it!A
images/000001254.jpg	h well. In order to improve the ability of Engli
images/000001255.jpg	out most of the nails from the fence. Howev
images/000001256.jpg	when he opened the package, he saw there were a 
images/000001257.jpg	want to undergo any struggle, we won’t be ab
images/000001258.jpg	y hungry. No matter how hard he tried, the fox
images/000001259.jpg	roundings is the family in which he will
images/000001260.jpg	 The spirit of humanism is apparent in the st
images/000001261.jpg	re, it gives us insights into other cult
images/000001262.jpg	y were proud that their king was so kind with a
images/000001263.jpg	t to hammer the nails and decided to cont
images/000001264.jpg	oy told his father about the same.  The father 
images/000001265.jpg	out Emily also didn’t know much about Chris
images/000001266.jpg	hat at any time, the butterfly might expand the w
images/000001267.jpg	iny opening. Unfortunately, even after cont
images/000001268.jpg	aid was correct.They set free the firefly and
images/000001269.jpg	fore, I want to help her in the holidays.What
images/000001270.jpg	ries - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spr
images/000001271.jpg	hours to about 19 hours. The number clim
images/000001272.jpg	ecause I miss her very much.I want to stay with h
images/000001273.jpg	 I know, it involves several reasons. With the ra
images/000001274.jpg	x had finished eating, he felt thirsty and 
images/000001275.jpg	s!Summer holiday is coming.I am going to
images/000001276.jpg	s to the decline of cost and the fierce mar
images/000001277.jpg	n stab a man with a knife, but the wound w
images/000001278.jpg	ose his temper. He told his father that 
images/000001279.jpg	He was quite happy that he visited many pilgr
images/000001280.jpg	can get into the society and become sociable.
images/000001281.jpg	 cover the road with leather? Rather, you can 
images/000001282.jpg	ing, he felt thirsty and decided to leave the
images/000001283.jpg	oon. He loved butterflies and had a craze f
images/000001284.jpg	 society. Humanism calls for us to pay cl
images/000001285.jpg	d not get out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes,
images/000001286.jpg	things appeal to different generations. T
images/000001287.jpg	, all their attempts failed. Finally, the boy
images/000001288.jpg	rning. It requires much time, commitment and disc
images/000001289.jpg	anks to the decline of cost and the fierce 
images/000001290.jpg	do?” she asked me, shivering in the cold 
images/000001291.jpg	emove the nails every day as he had controll
images/000001292.jpg	 ideas are not cut from the same cloth. P
images/000001293.jpg	gh the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even
images/000001294.jpg	the day arrived when no nail was hammere
images/000001295.jpg	irst I will jion a soccer club,because I like pla
images/000001296.jpg	nd the fierce market competition, the price has b
images/000001297.jpg	nt role in the maintenance of our society
images/000001298.jpg	 holy animal cow to cover the road with leather?
images/000001299.jpg	the disappearance of all the ballpoint p
images/000001300.jpg	 the river and noticed that the bags of salt load
images/000001301.jpg	es to household duties, including the chi
images/000001302.jpg	manismHumanism is a system of beliefs tha
images/000001303.jpg	e could not tolerate the pain as he walked a
images/000001304.jpg	 temper and anger were like that! Words ar
images/000001305.jpg	ho Influences Young Adults MostCountles
images/000001306.jpg	e shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not
images/000001307.jpg	s more quickly. Further more, it gives u
images/000001308.jpg	fly and removed the remaining cocoon. The butt
images/000001309.jpg	eed it to read English textbooks or jonrnals
images/000001310.jpg	of seeing things. Computers largely broad
images/000001311.jpg	derstand their children and keep the lines of 
images/000001312.jpg	had eaten so much food that he became too big
images/000001313.jpg	.Second I will go to my grandma's house,
images/000001314.jpg	onically depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a 
images/000001315.jpg	ountry with leather so that people might
images/000001316.jpg	 in appropriate shape to cover your feet?’
images/000001317.jpg	's ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Pare
images/000001318.jpg	monstrate humanism. The spirit of humani
images/000001319.jpg	e problem of generation gap, people's ideas are
images/000001320.jpg	y soon and taunt others with his words. His bad t
images/000001321.jpg	 fox could not find food. Finally he went to
images/000001322.jpg	r as it would destroy the life of thousands of co
images/000001323.jpg	othing in the world is difficult for one w
images/000001324.jpg	nt loaded his donkey with bags of salt to go to t
images/000001325.jpg	line of cost and the fierce market compe
images/000001326.jpg	ll oral activities. The more you speak, the be
images/000001327.jpg	 did not lose his temper!Now, his father
images/000001328.jpg	use I like playing soccer.During the summe
images/000001329.jpg	ie,first I will jion a soccer club,because I
images/000001330.jpg	s, the body would become lighter and smaller 
images/000001331.jpg	 guess he is too busy visiting all the human 
images/000001332.jpg	what was his alternative idea. The minister t
images/000001333.jpg	 story of a butterfly that was never able to
images/000001334.jpg	ed many pilgrim centres and could see his
images/000001335.jpg	ut I have put so much pressure on myself. 
images/000001336.jpg	d stored in the body convert into wings. T
images/000001337.jpg	it hilarious and accepted to do what his fa
images/000001338.jpg	ions were the example of humanistic behav
images/000001339.jpg	into the river and noticed that the bags of salt 
images/000001340.jpg	ys.Last I will help my mother do some hou
images/000001341.jpg	the exam, they just want me to be happy. I know I
images/000001342.jpg	 drop in on friends and relatives without 
images/000001343.jpg	 can stab a man with a knife, but the wound
images/000001344.jpg	th her for several days.Last I will help my
images/000001345.jpg	 the boy, “The nails were your bad temper and the
images/000001346.jpg	 now deliberately, the donkey fell into the ri
images/000001347.jpg	 is too conservative to accept anything new.
images/000001348.jpg	e and more important role in modern life.W
images/000001349.jpg	he Right Time". The soldier extended a helping h
images/000001350.jpg	ued to watch the butterfly and he was quite ea
images/000001351.jpg	 at the same time they must keep in mind that 
images/000001352.jpg	the body would become lighter and smaller
images/000001353.jpg	the boy’s father came up with an idea.One 
images/000001354.jpg	ation gap exists in our daily life, whether yo
images/000001355.jpg	he cut down trees in the forest. He was going to
images/000001356.jpg	e butterfly might expand the wings, shri
images/000001357.jpg	to the market in order to sell them. The merch
images/000001358.jpg	 his friends due to anger. He invited al
images/000001359.jpg	several reasons. With the rapid progressing 
images/000001360.jpg	e butterfly just crawled around with withere
images/000001361.jpg	 freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the
images/000001362.jpg	 “I wish we could find some fire. It will h
images/000001363.jpg	be the old generation is too conservative to 
images/000001364.jpg	 generations. Those who grow up in happy famili
images/000001365.jpg	asked his son to hammer one nail to the fence eve
images/000001366.jpg	eas are not cut from the same cloth. Parents 
images/000001367.jpg	alities to succeed in English learning. It r
images/000001368.jpg	ays, the number of nails hammered on the fence
images/000001369.jpg	ney through space aided by a galaxyful of 
images/000001370.jpg	hem. Most of the things that young generation is 
images/000001371.jpg	the nails every day as he had controlled hi
images/000001372.jpg	nions on the reasons why generation gap com
images/000001373.jpg	 and he became very happy. He jumped into th
images/000001374.jpg	he tree trunk while he cut down trees in the
images/000001375.jpg	 too conservative to accept anything new. Th
images/000001376.jpg	he noticed what they were doing. The sparrow
images/000001377.jpg	. In the next few days, the number of nails h
images/000001378.jpg	lot of reading materials, which can also hel
images/000001379.jpg	 It makes us do things more quickly. Furthe
images/000001380.jpg	nd a lot of time around butterflies. He 
images/000001381.jpg	nd taunt others with his words. His bad t
images/000001382.jpg	s tend to socialize together, with several 
images/000001383.jpg	n the fence was reduced to half. The little 
images/000001384.jpg	nd I will go to my grandma's house,because I
images/000001385.jpg	In the civilized world humanism plays an
images/000001386.jpg	. After the fox had finished eating, he felt thi
images/000001387.jpg	ght of a big tree with a hole in it.Ins
images/000001388.jpg	. He complained to his ministers that the r
images/000001389.jpg	was go to school. Except for taking care of 
images/000001390.jpg	 children?” Emily asked.Short Stories - Christma
images/000001391.jpg	h other's outlooks on the world, the gap between 
images/000001392.jpg	w nails. The fence never look the same! It 
images/000001393.jpg	fe of thousands of cows to get the suffici
images/000001394.jpg	istant places. He decided to travel by foot 
images/000001395.jpg	 of nails hammered to the fence was reduc
images/000001396.jpg	be food in it, and he became very happy. He 
images/000001397.jpg	in the exam, I will show my paper to my pa
images/000001398.jpg	nes of communications with them open, at the sa
images/000001399.jpg	 you speak, the better your spoken English
images/000001400.jpg	ay turn out for the better. Humanism mak
images/000001401.jpg	rt Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Wel
images/000001402.jpg	rthur Dent is plucked off the planet by hi
images/000001403.jpg	es are not taken into account. These different 
images/000001404.jpg	ils drove him to hammer in the fence for 30 time
images/000001405.jpg	n the holidays.What will you do on Summer Holiday
images/000001406.jpg	lies. He knew how a butterfly would stru
images/000001407.jpg	 was go to school. Except for taking care o
images/000001408.jpg	son for them. The parents of the little boy w
images/000001409.jpg	ant role in shaping children's character. A
images/000001410.jpg	or food. Suddenly he caught sight of a b
images/000001411.jpg	am going to do many things that I want to
images/000001412.jpg	uter is a wonderful machine. Today it is us
images/000001413.jpg	ails that the boy could not pull out.Th
images/000001414.jpg	e said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, no
images/000001415.jpg	 to the hole, ‘What do you see there?’Th
images/000001416.jpg	o progress. It seemed that the butterfly tried it
images/000001417.jpg	ost more than 10 hours with the cocoon a
images/000001418.jpg	under a dry leaf and started blowing at 
images/000001419.jpg	ith his father and mother. He was the only s
images/000001420.jpg	unately, the donkey slipped and fell into the riv
images/000001421.jpg	ical abuse! Use words for good. Use them t
images/000001422.jpg	is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering 
images/000001423.jpg	ountless factors may influence a person'
images/000001424.jpg	ith an idea.One day, his father gave him a huge 
images/000001425.jpg	eird clothes. Young people either turn a 
images/000001426.jpg	 as I know, it involves several reasons. Wit
images/000001427.jpg	ion a soccer club,because I like playing so
images/000001428.jpg	fore jumping into the hole.”Computers and Modern
images/000001429.jpg	t hilarious and accepted to do what his fa
images/000001430.jpg	 try.The man, who had a passion and love for b
images/000001431.jpg	knife, but the wound will remain there foreve
images/000001432.jpg	now I should relax myself and be happy.A H
images/000001433.jpg	through the struggles the butterfly would h
images/000001434.jpg	 saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant 
images/000001435.jpg	ce of hardship. Don't be intimidated even thoug
images/000001436.jpg	ssed due to his bad temper. The boy used to g
images/000001437.jpg	he people of the kingdom were very happy as t
images/000001438.jpg	The minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill
images/000001439.jpg	used to walk along those roads as it woul
images/000001440.jpg	foot to longer distance. He complained to 
images/000001441.jpg	t as it was his first trip by foot to longer di
images/000001442.jpg	rtable and were very stony. He could not tolerat
images/000001443.jpg	hey noticed a flock of fireflies. One of
images/000001444.jpg	 the only son for them. The parents of th
images/000001445.jpg	on a time, there was a hungry fox that was look
images/000001446.jpg	l through its life.Although the man did it with
images/000001447.jpg	's first teachers, so family does play an imp
images/000001448.jpg	e butterfly struggling to break the shell fo
images/000001449.jpg	 Emily also didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who
images/000001450.jpg	o go on a travel to visit places of historic
images/000001451.jpg	r, he ran to the fence and hammered a na
images/000001452.jpg	ds. His bad temper made him fall for angry words
images/000001453.jpg	e tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after continu
images/000001454.jpg	nt to kill the holy animal cow to cover the road 
images/000001455.jpg	rilliant, and chronically depressed robo
images/000001456.jpg	’t know much about our winters.”It turned
images/000001457.jpg	tance. He complained to his ministers that 
images/000001458.jpg	Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so
images/000001459.jpg	reak the shell for several hours. He spen
images/000001460.jpg	an goodness can remind us of the meaning of h
images/000001461.jpg	here remained a few nails that the boy c
images/000001462.jpg	r children's hairstyle and weird clothes
images/000001463.jpg	thought that at any time, the butterfly might e
images/000001464.jpg	a craze for its wonderful combination of
images/000001465.jpg	 us to pay closer attention to our fello
images/000001466.jpg	eturned home again but re-loaded his donkey w
images/000001467.jpg	y prosperous life with abundance of wealt
images/000001468.jpg	pid progressing of the society, computers
images/000001469.jpg	He caught a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf a
images/000001470.jpg	 any more struggles. He continued to watch the b
images/000001471.jpg	fly tried its best and could not give any mo
images/000001472.jpg	 saw there were a lot of food, bread, meat and
images/000001473.jpg	 The monkeys were sitting on the same tre
images/000001474.jpg	aduate student obsessed with the disappea
images/000001475.jpg	nd anger were like that! Words are more painful t
images/000001476.jpg	s to come out through the tiny opening. Unfortu
images/000001477.jpg	he same cloth. Parents may not be in favor of t
images/000001478.jpg	l out most of the nails from the fence. However,
images/000001479.jpg	 of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make
images/000001480.jpg	s are proud of their harmony and unity. Each me
images/000001481.jpg	 and wasted all the bags of salt on its back a
images/000001482.jpg	 he saw there were a lot of food, bread, meat
images/000001483.jpg	 friends give them strength and courage. They 
images/000001484.jpg	et. He told himself, “I wish that I had though
images/000001485.jpg	where he loaded his donkey with more bags of 
images/000001486.jpg	rrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that 
images/000001487.jpg	e butterfly and removed the remaining co
images/000001488.jpg	in the holidays.What will you do on Summer Holid
images/000001489.jpg	he society, so by contacting with friends one
images/000001490.jpg	 tree trunk while he cut down trees in the 
images/000001491.jpg	eliberately, the donkey fell into the riv
images/000001492.jpg	I do well in the exam, I will show my paper
images/000001493.jpg	e more you speak, the better your spoken Englis
images/000001494.jpg	People have different opinions on the rea
images/000001495.jpg	s growth. There are two apparent factors which a
images/000001496.jpg	food that he became too big to fit through 
images/000001497.jpg	speakers, attend seminars, write letters, etc.
images/000001498.jpg	es that demonstrate humanism. The spirit 
images/000001499.jpg	ing, he felt thirsty and decided to leave the t
images/000001500.jpg	mped into the hole and when he opened the 
images/000001501.jpg	ent of a life-threatening emergency, humanism 
images/000001502.jpg	glish textbooks or jonrnals and attend Engl
images/000001503.jpg	 the family in which he will grow up. Parents are
images/000001504.jpg	hey get married. So a household consisting of 
images/000001505.jpg	. He could not tolerate the pain as he walke
images/000001506.jpg	d get access to a lot of reading materials,
images/000001507.jpg	 his temper. The little boy found it hilarious an
images/000001508.jpg	After some time the monkeys became very tir
images/000001509.jpg	 to lose his temper. The little boy found i
images/000001510.jpg	ping hand to the old man in time of need. The
images/000001511.jpg	 As long as both sides keep their minds open to
images/000001512.jpg	ter your spoken English will be. Nothing in the 
images/000001513.jpg	ive idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you
images/000001514.jpg	ir problems with each other actively, sincerel
images/000001515.jpg	ocoon. He loved butterflies and had a cr
images/000001516.jpg	n the body convert into wings. Thus, the bod
images/000001517.jpg	me, she also has to work. Therefore, I want to 
images/000001518.jpg	nd to have many pleasant characters. If we s
images/000001519.jpg	a Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in
images/000001520.jpg	never able to fly all through its life.Alth
images/000001521.jpg	ing all the human children to have much time left
images/000001522.jpg	umanism is a system of beliefs that focuses on
images/000001523.jpg	rrow came flying to its nest. The monkeys we
images/000001524.jpg	the ability of English reading comprehens
images/000001525.jpg	a.One day, his father gave him a huge bag
images/000001526.jpg	 be happy. I know I should relax myself and
images/000001527.jpg	passed and the boy was able to pull out mo
images/000001528.jpg	 things. Computers largely broaden our vision.
images/000001529.jpg	ents, they should learn to understand th
images/000001530.jpg	ame flying to its nest. The monkeys were s
images/000001531.jpg	hat he spoke in anger, his friends and neighbo
images/000001532.jpg	ves against what the elders have been proud of.
images/000001533.jpg	ister told, ‘Why do you want to kill the h
images/000001534.jpg	ld learn to understand their children and keep
images/000001535.jpg	 searched there for food. Suddenly he caugh
images/000001536.jpg	In a word, families offer children warmth, c
images/000001537.jpg	walk along those roads as it would be painf
images/000001538.jpg	 struggling to break the shell for several hour
images/000001539.jpg	world humanism plays an important role in th
images/000001540.jpg	z told us. “She doesn’t know much about 
images/000001541.jpg	d struggle to transform from an ugly caterpil
images/000001542.jpg	eant that the butterfly was trying to make its
images/000001543.jpg	s between children and the society, so by contact
images/000001544.jpg	d neighbours avoided him.His mother and fa
images/000001545.jpg	 many years. I guess he is too busy visit
images/000001546.jpg	e and totally out-to-lunch president of t
images/000001547.jpg	ad to change this for the betterment and happines
images/000001548.jpg	was very sad and upset. He told himself, “I wish
images/000001549.jpg	t he spoke in anger, his friends and neighb
images/000001550.jpg	ldren live with their parents even after they ge
images/000001551.jpg	minister. He ordered for a pair of leather 
images/000001552.jpg	hing in the world is difficult for one who sets 
images/000001553.jpg	’t comfortable and were very stony. He could
images/000001554.jpg	mas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’
images/000001555.jpg	dness can remind us of the meaning of humanism
images/000001556.jpg	happy as they had a very prosperous life with abu
images/000001557.jpg	an), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to 
images/000001558.jpg	rs to about 19 hours. The number climbs m
images/000001559.jpg	ore painful than physical abuse! Use wor
images/000001560.jpg	 in anger, his friends and neighbours avoided
images/000001561.jpg	id stored in the body convert into wings. Thus, t
images/000001562.jpg	 only son for them. The parents of the l
images/000001563.jpg	 his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a mer
images/000001564.jpg	that focuses on common human needs and see
images/000001565.jpg	ticed a flock of fireflies. One of the yo
images/000001566.jpg	ugh the struggles the butterfly would ha
images/000001567.jpg	oticed that the bags of salt loaded on his bac
images/000001568.jpg	upon a time, there was a hungry fox that was 
images/000001569.jpg	s drove him to hammer in the fence for 30 times 
images/000001570.jpg	then returned home again but re-loaded his don
images/000001571.jpg	they don’t care how I do well in the exam, they 
images/000001572.jpg	 him in many ways to give up his anger and deve
images/000001573.jpg	ts need it to read English textbooks or jonrnals
images/000001574.jpg	e more to improve my skills.Second I will go 
images/000001575.jpg	house,because I miss her very much.I want to sta
images/000001576.jpg	th and courage. They both help children 
images/000001577.jpg	He ordered for a pair of leather shoes f
images/000001578.jpg	had a very prosperous life with abundance of we
images/000001579.jpg	and removed the remaining cocoon. The butterfly 
images/000001580.jpg	ortunately, the donkey slipped and fell into th
images/000001581.jpg	n remove the nails but still see the holes in the
images/000001582.jpg	er, while friends give them strength and courage
images/000001583.jpg	cumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don'
images/000001584.jpg	ealing worm! Here is the story of a butterfly tha
images/000001585.jpg	 and seeks rational ways of solving human p
images/000001586.jpg	9 hours. The number climbs more than ten time
images/000001587.jpg	 which can also help accumulate and enlarg
images/000001588.jpg	butterfly come out of the cocoon without any
images/000001589.jpg	till see the holes in the fence. Again, y
images/000001590.jpg	ly son for them. The parents of the littl
images/000001591.jpg	 the fierce market competition, the price has b
images/000001592.jpg	epressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a form
images/000001593.jpg	reflies. One of the young monkeys thought i
images/000001594.jpg	y again set on its way. On reaching the river 
images/000001595.jpg	hant quickly discovered the donkey’s trick.
images/000001596.jpg	etters, etc.Students should have some i
images/000001597.jpg	casional examples of human goodness can remind
images/000001598.jpg	ught that he had to change this for the betterme
images/000001599.jpg	ised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Ga
images/000001600.jpg	fford their own personal computers.The computer 
images/000001601.jpg	ery much worried about the people who used to
images/000001602.jpg	to fly!Christmas SurpriseIt was two days befor
images/000001603.jpg	nger distance. He complained to his ministers
images/000001604.jpg	 his anger and develop kindness. Unfortun
images/000001605.jpg	ked his son to hammer one nail to the fenc
images/000001606.jpg	rough space aided by a galaxyful of fellow
images/000001607.jpg	ontinued to watch the butterfly and he was qu
images/000001608.jpg	o a household consisting of three generatio
images/000001609.jpg	erflies! The continuous effort from the butte
images/000001610.jpg	the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen years, 
images/000001611.jpg	ld his father about the same.  The father app
images/000001612.jpg	ed a nail. In the next few days, the number of 
images/000001613.jpg	 Occasional examples of human goodness ca
images/000001614.jpg	tle niece Emily and introduced her.“Emily is fr
images/000001615.jpg	t what he spoke in anger, his friends and neigh
images/000001616.jpg	sm is a system of beliefs that focuses o
images/000001617.jpg	ectures, while some students need to use it to
images/000001618.jpg	Suddenly they noticed a flock of firefli
images/000001619.jpg	owever, he had regret.He had intolerable pain 
images/000001620.jpg	on people. You can remove the nails but still se
images/000001621.jpg	py that he made the butterfly come out of th
images/000001622.jpg	ing around the television in the evening.The
images/000001623.jpg	re Earth is demolished to make way for a ga
images/000001624.jpg	from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. 
images/000001625.jpg	erfly just crawled around with withered 
images/000001626.jpg	give up his anger and develop kindness. Unfortun
images/000001627.jpg	er, he had regret.He had intolerable pain in h
images/000001628.jpg	d eating, he felt thirsty and decided to le
images/000001629.jpg	 every time he became angry and to lose hi
images/000001630.jpg	ay influence a person's growth. There are 
images/000001631.jpg	 Time". The soldier extended a helping ha
images/000001632.jpg	comprehension, one should get access to a 
images/000001633.jpg	er and father consoled him in many ways to giv
images/000001634.jpg	n a soccer club,because I like playing soccer.Dur
images/000001635.jpg	one.He saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It 
images/000001636.jpg	 generation is keen on are disgusting to th
images/000001637.jpg	t the wound will remain there forever. Your 
images/000001638.jpg	 leather cut in appropriate shape to cover
images/000001639.jpg	 to pick up at a cocktail party once upon a time 
images/000001640.jpg	n a tree. They were clinging to its branch
images/000001641.jpg	Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last fif
images/000001642.jpg	asked his son to hammer one nail to the fence ev
images/000001643.jpg	me very tired. Now they realized what the
images/000001644.jpg	 tricky donkey again set on its way. On reachin
images/000001645.jpg	y again set on its way. On reaching the river
images/000001646.jpg	n the civilized world humanism plays an impo
images/000001647.jpg	h affect a person's growth. One is family, 
images/000001648.jpg	 craze for its wonderful combination of colo
images/000001649.jpg	.I am going to do many things that I want t
images/000001650.jpg	to do. For exampie,first I will jion a soccer
images/000001651.jpg	ed, he could not get out of the hole. Do you know
images/000001652.jpg	 to improve my skills.Second I will go to 
images/000001653.jpg	 nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not l
images/000001654.jpg	 joined in his effort.A sparrow came fl
images/000001655.jpg	flying to its nest. The monkeys were sitting o
images/000001656.jpg	 hammered on the fence was reduced to half. 
images/000001657.jpg	under the rule of a king. The people of the kin
images/000001658.jpg	flies and had a craze for its wonderful combina
images/000001659.jpg	aid, “I wish we could find some fire. It w
images/000001660.jpg	t for many years. I guess he is too busy visiting
images/000001661.jpg	ren's first teachers, so family does play an impo
images/000001662.jpg	nts are children's first teachers, so fami
images/000001663.jpg	, “I wish we could find some fire. It will help 
images/000001664.jpg	Young people either turn a deaf ear to t
images/000001665.jpg	n shaping children's personality. Friends ar
images/000001666.jpg	lop kindness. Unfortunately, all their a
images/000001667.jpg	 hungry. No matter how hard he tried, the fox co
images/000001668.jpg	s personality. Friends are the connections 
images/000001669.jpg	tle boy found it very difficult to hammer th
images/000001670.jpg	ppery riverbank, now deliberately, the donkey
images/000001671.jpg	ailed. Finally, the boy’s father came up with
images/000001672.jpg	s they had a very prosperous life with abunda
images/000001673.jpg	us know that a beautiful and colourful butt
images/000001674.jpg	is effort.A sparrow came flying to its nest. Th
images/000001675.jpg	terfly would struggle to transform from an ugly c
images/000001676.jpg	 applied in almost every field of our life. Me
images/000001677.jpg	een snow before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn
images/000001678.jpg	e larger opening for the butterfly and r
images/000001679.jpg	ngry Fox who got Caught in the Tree TrunkO
images/000001680.jpg	e students need it to read English textbooks or
images/000001681.jpg	ued: “I think all of you should take shelter
images/000001682.jpg	guess he is too busy visiting all the human c
images/000001683.jpg	e meaning of humanism. If we treat our fell
images/000001684.jpg	 all through its life.Although the man did 
images/000001685.jpg	 people either turn a deaf ear to the elders' 
images/000001686.jpg	ogether. They had not walked far when the
images/000001687.jpg	ll their attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s
images/000001688.jpg	hought that at any time, the butterfly might expa
images/000001689.jpg	 think that maybe the old generation is too
images/000001690.jpg	ortunately, the butterfly looked no longer 
images/000001691.jpg	 die? For all the answers, stick your thumb to
images/000001692.jpg	 galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMilla
images/000001693.jpg	into a beautiful one.He saw a cocoon with t
images/000001694.jpg	g for something to eat. He was very hungry. No 
images/000001695.jpg	ore Earth is demolished to make way for a
images/000001696.jpg	he wings would be beautiful and large.If w
images/000001697.jpg	mony and unity. Each member of the family contr
images/000001698.jpg	ctic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the 
images/000001699.jpg	s bad temper made him fall for angry words
images/000001700.jpg	ant as actual medical treatment.In the civiliz
images/000001701.jpg	er. Humanism makes the world a more beautiful 
images/000001702.jpg	ately, the donkey slipped and fell into the rive
images/000001703.jpg	eturned home again but re-loaded his donke
images/000001704.jpg	 one nail to the fence every time he bec
images/000001705.jpg	ed on the fence was reduced to half. The litt
images/000001706.jpg	ntrolled his anger. Several days passed an
images/000001707.jpg	hildren to understand the world as it is
images/000001708.jpg	 like any other beautiful butterflies! Th
images/000001709.jpg	tors may influence a person's growth. There ar
images/000001710.jpg	hammered on the fence was reduced to half. The
images/000001711.jpg	dren,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget a
images/000001712.jpg	red! Yet, the boy did not lose his temper. 
images/000001713.jpg	 a cold and silent night. The weather was fre
images/000001714.jpg	tail party once upon a time zone; Marvin, a par
images/000001715.jpg	y slipped and fell into the river and notice
images/000001716.jpg	Holiday?When I do well in the exam, I wil
images/000001717.jpg	 what the sparrow had said was correct.T
images/000001718.jpg	for good. Use them to embrace the relations
images/000001719.jpg	en live with their parents even after they ge
images/000001720.jpg	tally out-to-lunch president of the galaxy; T
images/000001721.jpg	gan a journey through space aided by a g
images/000001722.jpg	ere was a hungry fox that was looking for some
images/000001723.jpg	butterfly would struggle to transform fro
images/000001724.jpg	be happy all the time. But I have put so much pre
images/000001725.jpg	 the hole and when he opened the package
images/000001726.jpg	ld get access to a lot of reading material
images/000001727.jpg	vised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the 
images/000001728.jpg	accept anything new. Their voices are not 
images/000001729.jpg	alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why do 
images/000001730.jpg	butterfly might expand the wings, shrink t
images/000001731.jpg	was a cold and silent night. The weather was fre
images/000001732.jpg	eral days.Last I will help my mother do s
images/000001733.jpg	nd the butterfly. The butterfly had been strug
images/000001734.jpg	lls.Second I will go to my grandma's house,be
images/000001735.jpg	r and noticed that the bags of salt loaded o
images/000001736.jpg	rs, stick your thumb to the stars!Summer ho
images/000001737.jpg	 little boy found it very difficult to hammer the
images/000001738.jpg	ng to make its way to enjoy its world. He
images/000001739.jpg	, thanks to the decline of cost and the fi
images/000001740.jpg	was several days that he did not hammer an
images/000001741.jpg	e more painful than physical abuse! Use words
images/000001742.jpg	er, while friends give them strength and coura
images/000001743.jpg	th tiny opening. It meant that the butterf
images/000001744.jpg	o used to walk along those roads as it w
images/000001745.jpg	her that it was several days that he did n
images/000001746.jpg	ied to pick up at a cocktail party once 
images/000001747.jpg	remain there forever. Your bad temper and anger 
images/000001748.jpg	 really tired when I was go to school. E
images/000001749.jpg	 Nothing in the world is difficult for one who
images/000001750.jpg	y grandma's house,because I miss her very much.
images/000001751.jpg	oved the remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged 
images/000001752.jpg	oad of the whole country with leather so that 
images/000001753.jpg	ly he went to the edge of the forest and 
images/000001754.jpg	generation gap comes into being. Some think 
images/000001755.jpg	 the boy was able to pull out most of the
images/000001756.jpg	The monkeys did not listen to the sparrow.
images/000001757.jpg	cline of cost and the fierce market compe
images/000001758.jpg	humanism. If we treat our fellows with re
images/000001759.jpg	appy as they had a very prosperous life w
images/000001760.jpg	st keep in mind that different things appeal to 
images/000001761.jpg	er turn a deaf ear to the elders' experienc
images/000001762.jpg	y lived under the rule of a king. The people of
images/000001763.jpg	ter your spoken English will be. Nothing i
images/000001764.jpg	born? Why do we die? For all the answers, stick
images/000001765.jpg	rillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girl
images/000001766.jpg	mping into the hole.”Computers and Modern L
images/000001767.jpg	t essential quality for successful English learn
images/000001768.jpg	cluding the children. Chinese families tend t
images/000001769.jpg	mped into the hole and when he opened the packag
images/000001770.jpg	he cocoon. He was watching the butterfly strugg
images/000001771.jpg	d not give any more try.The man, who had a
images/000001772.jpg	ings may turn out for the better. Humanism 
images/000001773.jpg	o cover the road of the whole country with l
images/000001774.jpg	rs per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours
images/000001775.jpg	her appreciated him and asked him pointing to th
images/000001776.jpg	 for good. Use them to embrace the relationshi
images/000001777.jpg	s,” I explained, “brings presents and toy
images/000001778.jpg	k he will come if I write to him?” Emily a
images/000001779.jpg	hod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, 
images/000001780.jpg	s for him and requested the countrymen to wea
images/000001781.jpg	terfly comes from an unappealing worm! Here is 
images/000001782.jpg	us do things more quickly. Further more, it giv
images/000001783.jpg	pline to learn English well. In order to impro
images/000001784.jpg	ocoon. He was watching the butterfly strug
images/000001785.jpg	njoy its world. He decided to sit over and w
images/000001786.jpg	find some fire. It will help us to keep wa
images/000001787.jpg	 freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the p
images/000001788.jpg	is, so they are the dearest parts in one's li
images/000001789.jpg	your bad temper and they were hammered on
images/000001790.jpg	nt of living, friends make another important
images/000001791.jpg	fer children warmth, care and shelter, while
images/000001792.jpg	o make way for a galactic freeway, Arthur De
images/000001793.jpg	 a life like a butterfly!One day, a man saw a 
images/000001794.jpg	ormerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfr
images/000001795.jpg	 in the world is difficult for one who set
images/000001796.jpg	, the butterfly looked no longer beautifu
images/000001797.jpg	y influence a person's growth. There are two
images/000001798.jpg	eating, he felt thirsty and decided to leave 
images/000001799.jpg	students need to use it to talk to English-spe
images/000001800.jpg	 two days before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, 
images/000001801.jpg	ting to the hole, ‘What do you see there?’The
images/000001802.jpg	ad not walked far when they reached a river on
images/000001803.jpg	hey get married. So a household consisting o
images/000001804.jpg	ed - what was his alternative idea. The minist
images/000001805.jpg	n with their king and they were proud that th
images/000001806.jpg	be happy. I know I should relax myself and
images/000001807.jpg	s to come out through the tiny opening. U
images/000001808.jpg	 may turn out for the better. Humanism ma
images/000001809.jpg	children's first teachers, so family does play an
images/000001810.jpg	oled him in many ways to give up his anger an
images/000001811.jpg	ather, you can just have a piece of leather cut 
images/000001812.jpg	ails. He asked his son to hammer one nail t
images/000001813.jpg	a king. The people of the kingdom were very ha
images/000001814.jpg	 family. In China, children live with their p
images/000001815.jpg	iver and wasted all the bags of salt on its b
images/000001816.jpg	lt thirsty and decided to leave the trun
images/000001817.jpg	is only for human children,” Fritz said to Emil
images/000001818.jpg	ry much.I want to stay with her for severa
images/000001819.jpg	aracters. If we say that families offer the en
images/000001820.jpg	 up at a cocktail party once upon a time zon
images/000001821.jpg	 Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail p
images/000001822.jpg	eople spend on computers per week, ranging from 
images/000001823.jpg	ell them. The merchant and his donkey wer
images/000001824.jpg	nd could not give any more try.The man, 
images/000001825.jpg	 of solving human problems.There are many 
images/000001826.jpg	amily contributes to household duties, incl
images/000001827.jpg	e butterfly emerged without any struggle!
images/000001828.jpg	estroy the life of thousands of cows to 
images/000001829.jpg	d wasted all the bags of salt on its back ag
images/000001830.jpg	et, the boy did not lose his temper. He told his
images/000001831.jpg	 people who used to walk along those roads as it
images/000001832.jpg	s but still see the holes in the fence. Again, 
images/000001833.jpg	 again set on its way. On reaching the r
images/000001834.jpg	n the same tree. She noticed what they we
images/000001835.jpg	. He invited all worries for his parents throu
images/000001836.jpg	ting all the human children to have much time
images/000001837.jpg	w widely applied in almost every field of o
images/000001838.jpg	household is always friendly, welcoming, 
images/000001839.jpg	 lines of communications with them open, at the 
images/000001840.jpg	y soon and taunt others with his words. His bad t
images/000001841.jpg	butterfly would have emerged like any othe
images/000001842.jpg	olourful butterfly comes from an unappealing w
images/000001843.jpg	 again so that many people can afford thei
images/000001844.jpg	as a package. The hungry fox immediately t
images/000001845.jpg	tend to have many pleasant characters. If w
images/000001846.jpg	a household consisting of three generations is 
images/000001847.jpg	. When it comes to the problem of generation gap,
images/000001848.jpg	as important as actual medical treatment
images/000001849.jpg	airstyle and weird clothes. Young people eithe
images/000001850.jpg	their children and keep the lines of communica
images/000001851.jpg	derful combination of colours. In fact, h
images/000001852.jpg	earn English well. In order to improve t
images/000001853.jpg	ttempts failed. Finally, the boy’s father ca
images/000001854.jpg	a time, there was a hungry fox that was loo
images/000001855.jpg	f historical importance and pilgrim centres at
images/000001856.jpg	even after continuous attempts for several
images/000001857.jpg	 Unfortunately, even after continuous attemp
images/000001858.jpg	tant role in the maintenance of our society. Hu
images/000001859.jpg	ombination of colours. In fact, he used to spend
images/000001860.jpg	the trunk and drink some water from a nearby spri
images/000001861.jpg	or hours to come out through the tiny opening. U
images/000001862.jpg	 and totally out-to-lunch president of the gal
images/000001863.jpg	 by contacting with friends one can get into th
images/000001864.jpg	ld take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not l
images/000001865.jpg	ly monkeys that is a firefly, not real fire”
images/000001866.jpg	y were clinging to its branches. One of the mon
images/000001867.jpg	, “The nails were your bad temper and the
images/000001868.jpg	even though you find others speaking Engli
images/000001869.jpg	anism is apparent in the story of "The Right
images/000001870.jpg	th his little niece Emily and introduced
images/000001871.jpg	ort from the butterfly to come out of its coco
images/000001872.jpg	ost all the students need English and they need 
images/000001873.jpg	glish textbooks or jonrnals and attend Engli
images/000001874.jpg	e. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, his fr
images/000001875.jpg	-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally o
images/000001876.jpg	ed no longer beautiful and had a swollen bod
images/000001877.jpg	le of distant places were so happy to have a
images/000001878.jpg	ism can be as important as actual medical
images/000001879.jpg	d butterflies. He knew how a butterfly would
images/000001880.jpg	he lines of communications with them open, at
images/000001881.jpg	 different opinions on the reasons why gene
images/000001882.jpg	gry fox that was looking for something t
images/000001883.jpg	used to spend a lot of time around butterflies. 
images/000001884.jpg	he example of humanistic behavior. In the event o
images/000001885.jpg	he better your spoken English will be. Not
images/000001886.jpg	to understand the world as it is, so they are t
images/000001887.jpg	ildren's personality. Friends are the conn
images/000001888.jpg	olving human problems.There are many examples 
images/000001889.jpg	rtunately, the donkey slipped and fell into the
images/000001890.jpg	us, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the cold
images/000001891.jpg	ildren,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about th
images/000001892.jpg	ty. “I’ve never seen him, myself.”“Neither 
images/000001893.jpg	rried. So a household consisting of three generat
images/000001894.jpg	arn English well. In order to improve the ability
images/000001895.jpg	old and silent night. The weather was freez
images/000001896.jpg	erfly would struggle to transform from an ug
images/000001897.jpg	rs, has been posing as an out-of-work actor.T
images/000001898.jpg	sands of cows to get the sufficient quantity of 
images/000001899.jpg	f their children's hairstyle and weird clothes.
images/000001900.jpg	 making some embarrassing mistakes.In short
images/000001901.jpg	elp my mother do some housework. She was 
images/000001902.jpg	as.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she aske
images/000001903.jpg	 idea. Let’s go home now before you catch a cold
images/000001904.jpg	 to different generations. Those who gro
images/000001905.jpg	ng as both sides keep their minds open to ea
images/000001906.jpg	o walk along those roads as it would be pa
images/000001907.jpg	 passion and love for butterflies decided to hel
images/000001908.jpg	on's growth. There are two apparent factors wh
images/000001909.jpg	r climbs more than ten times up, indicating
images/000001910.jpg	onkey again set on its way. On reaching the r
images/000001911.jpg	ain, you cannot pull out a few nails. The fence 
images/000001912.jpg	ent night. The weather was freezing. A group
images/000001913.jpg	ed no longer beautiful and had a swollen bo
images/000001914.jpg	mper. He told his father that it was severa
images/000001915.jpg	 think all of you should take shelter in 
images/000001916.jpg	. In order to improve the ability of English 
images/000001917.jpg	hinese families are hospitable. The family gath
images/000001918.jpg	cess to a lot of reading materials, which
images/000001919.jpg	idea. Let’s go home now before you catch a cold.”
images/000001920.jpg	elp accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don
images/000001921.jpg	iver and wasted all the bags of salt on its back 
images/000001922.jpg	h the struggles the butterfly would have eme
images/000001923.jpg	verbal usage. While he forgot what he spok
images/000001924.jpg	t a cocktail party once upon a time zone; Mar
images/000001925.jpg	ong as both sides keep their minds open to ea
images/000001926.jpg	a butterfly!One day, a man saw a cocoon. He love
images/000001927.jpg	g to do many things that I want to do. For e
images/000001928.jpg	t surroundings is the family in which he wi
images/000001929.jpg	example of humanistic behavior. In the e
images/000001930.jpg	e the trunk and drink some water from a nearby
images/000001931.jpg	ate the pain as he walked all the way throug
images/000001932.jpg	to the old man in time of need. The young ma
images/000001933.jpg	d what the sparrow had said was correct.They
images/000001934.jpg	ed. The young man's actions were the exampl
images/000001935.jpg	tely, the butterfly looked no longer beautiful a
images/000001936.jpg	 butterfly to come out of its cocoon would l
images/000001937.jpg	ry. Don't feel embarrassed when making so
images/000001938.jpg	e little boy were very depressed due to his ba
images/000001939.jpg	father appreciated him and asked him poi
images/000001940.jpg	ponsible for solving the problem. As long as bot
images/000001941.jpg	im and asked him pointing to the hole, ‘Wh
images/000001942.jpg	d all worries for his parents through the verbal
images/000001943.jpg	n when Fritz appeared with his little niece Emily
images/000001944.jpg	puter is a wonderful machine. Today it is us
images/000001945.jpg	d about the people who used to walk along 
images/000001946.jpg	nt almost more than 10 hours with the cocoon and
images/000001947.jpg	he tried, he could not get out of the hole. Do
images/000001948.jpg	iends and neighbours avoided him.His mother 
images/000001949.jpg	y animal cow to cover the road with leather? Ra
images/000001950.jpg	al days passed and the boy was able to pull 
images/000001951.jpg	pening. Unfortunately, even after continuous 
images/000001952.jpg	n at the Right Time". The soldier extended a hel
images/000001953.jpg	 him fall for angry words. He scolded kids, neig
images/000001954.jpg	ength and courage. They both help children t
images/000001955.jpg	er, he ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In 
images/000001956.jpg	 humanism can be as important as actual medica
images/000001957.jpg	s hairstyle and weird clothes. Young people eithe
images/000001958.jpg	 in other countries' family. In China, childr
images/000001959.jpg	make way for a galactic freeway, Arthur D
images/000001960.jpg	Therefore, I want to help her in the holi
images/000001961.jpg	e them strength and courage. They both help chi
images/000001962.jpg	oticed that the bags of salt loaded on his ba
images/000001963.jpg	y are so happy to see me do well in the exa
images/000001964.jpg	to my grandma's house,because I miss her very mu
images/000001965.jpg	never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She 
images/000001966.jpg	a McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arth
images/000001967.jpg	y would come out of the cocoon. He was wa
images/000001968.jpg	 the students need English and they need 
images/000001969.jpg	 society. Humanism calls for us to pay close
images/000001970.jpg	ss he is too busy visiting all the human childr
images/000001971.jpg	ded to help the butterfly. He got a pair of s
images/000001972.jpg	ew nails. The fence never look the same!
images/000001973.jpg	chool. Except for taking care of me, she als
images/000001974.jpg	 and develop kindness. Unfortunately, all the
images/000001975.jpg	ppy as they had a very prosperous life with a
images/000001976.jpg	s weren’t comfortable and were very stony
images/000001977.jpg	uch.I want to stay with her for several days.
images/000001978.jpg	us, the body would become lighter and smaller an
images/000001979.jpg	r a dry leaf and started blowing at it.Some oth
images/000001980.jpg	is father that it was several days that he did 
images/000001981.jpg	d thought a little before jumping into the 
images/000001982.jpg	lectures, while some students need to use it
images/000001983.jpg	en’t comfortable and were very stony. He
images/000001984.jpg	e fence and hammered a nail. In the next few day
images/000001985.jpg	indicating computers are playing a more and m
images/000001986.jpg	f monkeys were on a tree. They were clinging to 
images/000001987.jpg	ed wings and huge body. It was never able to fly 
images/000001988.jpg	r king and they were proud that their ki
images/000001989.jpg	ze for its wonderful combination of colours. I
images/000001990.jpg	 want to be happy all the time. But I ha
images/000001991.jpg	re is the story of a butterfly that was n
images/000001992.jpg	s much time, commitment and discipline to
images/000001993.jpg	 holidays and entertain friends. The household 
images/000001994.jpg	y sad and upset. He told himself, “I wish that I 
images/000001995.jpg	s should be responsible for solving the problem.
images/000001996.jpg	The king decided to go on a travel to visit p
images/000001997.jpg	s that the roads weren’t comfortable and
images/000001998.jpg	at it for his lunch.The fox happily began to eat
images/000001999.jpg	 to the old man in time of need. The young m
images/000002000.jpg	upon a time, there was a hungry fox that was l
images/000002001.jpg	ldren and keep the lines of communications
images/000002002.jpg	 she also has to work. Therefore, I want to hel
images/000002003.jpg	 an important role in shaping children's chara
images/000002004.jpg	I will help my mother do some housework. She wa
images/000002005.jpg	ngs could support the body.  Unfortunately, ne
images/000002006.jpg	o the river and wasted all the bags of salt on 
images/000002007.jpg	 the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even aft
images/000002008.jpg	tain friends. The household is always friendly,
images/000002009.jpg	nment of living, friends make another im
images/000002010.jpg	s been marked down over and over again so t
images/000002011.jpg	the holes in the fence. Again, you cannot pull
images/000002012.jpg	here forever. Your bad temper and anger w
images/000002013.jpg	 generation gap comes into being. Some think that
images/000002014.jpg	 of the load becoming lighter, it became hea
images/000002015.jpg	climbs more than ten times up, indicating comput
images/000002016.jpg	eed English and they need it for different
images/000002017.jpg	w why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food that 
images/000002018.jpg	ails. He asked his son to hammer one nail
images/000002019.jpg	ces of historical importance and pilgrim c
images/000002020.jpg	s too busy visiting all the human childre
images/000002021.jpg	s to come out through the tiny opening. Unf
images/000002022.jpg	ered wings and huge body. It was never ab
images/000002023.jpg	rfly looked no longer beautiful and had a swo
images/000002024.jpg	d talk over their problems with each other 
images/000002025.jpg	ces of historical importance and pilgrim cent
images/000002026.jpg	on of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy wh
images/000002027.jpg	xy who, for the last fifteen years, has b
images/000002028.jpg	o many things that I want to do. For exam
images/000002029.jpg	turn out for the better. Humanism makes th
images/000002030.jpg	. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he tri
images/000002031.jpg	 to fit through the hole.The fox was very
images/000002032.jpg	istant places were so happy to have a conv
images/000002033.jpg	t he made the butterfly come out of the 
images/000002034.jpg	f them. Most of the things that young gene
images/000002035.jpg	s friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for t
images/000002036.jpg	nk so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, myse
images/000002037.jpg	appy. He jumped into the hole and when he
images/000002038.jpg	f leather and it would cost a huge amoun
images/000002039.jpg	were clinging to its branches. One of the monke
images/000002040.jpg	d the wings, shrink the body and the win
images/000002041.jpg	families are proud of their harmony and 
images/000002042.jpg	shaping children's personality. Friends are the 
images/000002043.jpg	he Tree TrunkOnce upon a time, there was a hu
images/000002044.jpg	oth of them. Most of the things that young 
images/000002045.jpg	he whole idea. Let’s go home now before yo
images/000002046.jpg	 very sad and upset. He told himself, “I wish 
images/000002047.jpg	g things. Computers largely broaden our 
images/000002048.jpg	hold is always friendly, welcoming, and genero
images/000002049.jpg	the reasons why generation gap comes into
images/000002050.jpg	fall for angry words. He scolded kids, ne
images/000002051.jpg	inds open to better ways of seeing things.
images/000002052.jpg	being. Some think that maybe the old generat
images/000002053.jpg	ooking for something to eat. He was very hungry. 
images/000002054.jpg	y were walking along together. They had n
images/000002055.jpg	himself, “I wish that I had thought a litt
images/000002056.jpg	t it under a dry leaf and started blowing at
images/000002057.jpg	 that people might feel comfortable, immedia
images/000002058.jpg	akers, attend seminars, write letters, etc.
images/000002059.jpg	ter had placed the food in the tree trunk whi
images/000002060.jpg	ily contributes to household duties, including
images/000002061.jpg	orgot what he spoke in anger, his friends and
images/000002062.jpg	he nails from the fence. However, there remain
images/000002063.jpg	t a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to ma
images/000002064.jpg	o travel by foot to interact with his people and 
images/000002065.jpg	 people either turn a deaf ear to the elders
images/000002066.jpg	I want to be happy all the time. But I have put
images/000002067.jpg	t the people who used to walk along those roa
images/000002068.jpg	ne day, my parents tell me that they don’t car
images/000002069.jpg	er told, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy anim
images/000002070.jpg	oy the life of thousands of cows to get the suffi
images/000002071.jpg	rt the body.  Unfortunately, neither the wi
images/000002072.jpg	as led to this phenomenon? As far as I know, 
images/000002073.jpg	en and keep the lines of communications wit
images/000002074.jpg	who had a passion and love for butterflie
images/000002075.jpg	up of monkeys were on a tree. They were 
images/000002076.jpg	, ‘What do you see there?’The boy replied, ‘
images/000002077.jpg	hip. Don't be intimidated even though you
images/000002078.jpg	tions should be responsible for solving t
images/000002079.jpg	w continued: “I think all of you should take shel
images/000002080.jpg	textbooks or jonrnals and attend English
images/000002081.jpg	er graduate student obsessed with the disappe
images/000002082.jpg	happily began to eat. After the fox had finish
images/000002083.jpg	d huge body. It was never able to fly all t
images/000002084.jpg	ey were hammered on people. You can remove th
images/000002085.jpg	road of the whole country with leather s
images/000002086.jpg	l to visit places of historical importance
images/000002087.jpg	treatment.In the civilized world humanis
images/000002088.jpg	erbank, now deliberately, the donkey fell into th
images/000002089.jpg	 this phenomenon? As far as I know, it involves s
images/000002090.jpg	each other actively, sincerely and frank
images/000002091.jpg	ing around the television in the evening.
images/000002092.jpg	apparent factors which affect a person's gro
images/000002093.jpg	 disturb both of them. Most of the things that yo
images/000002094.jpg	ing care of me, she also has to work. Therefore, 
images/000002095.jpg	 a very prosperous life with abundance of wealth 
images/000002096.jpg	 I were busy building a snowman when Fritz appea
images/000002097.jpg	fly tried its best and could not give any m
images/000002098.jpg	were a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit i
images/000002099.jpg	an important role in shaping children's ch
images/000002100.jpg	yMany of us know that a beautiful and colo
images/000002101.jpg	 its cocoon would let the fluid stored in the bo
images/000002102.jpg	 I do well in the exam, I will show my pa
images/000002103.jpg	ierce market competition, the price has 
images/000002104.jpg	the butterfly come out of the cocoon without any
images/000002105.jpg	end to have many pleasant characters. If we s
images/000002106.jpg	of their children's hairstyle and weird clothes.
images/000002107.jpg	ver and over again so that many people can 
images/000002108.jpg	p their minds open to each other's outlooks o
images/000002109.jpg	could see his fellow people leading a prop
images/000002110.jpg	fluid stored in the body convert into wings. Th
images/000002111.jpg	actively, sincerely and frankly.Who Influences 
images/000002112.jpg	y to have a conversation with their king and 
images/000002113.jpg	tions is common.Chinese families are hospitable.
images/000002114.jpg	struggling to break the shell for several hours. 
images/000002115.jpg	 upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant
images/000002116.jpg	hinese family are respectively more than in
images/000002117.jpg	e, thanks to the decline of cost and the
images/000002118.jpg	. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill th
images/000002119.jpg	r, his friends and neighbours avoided him.
images/000002120.jpg	er said.The nails drove him to hammer in t
images/000002121.jpg	foolish, tricky donkey again set on its wa
images/000002122.jpg	ry of a butterfly that was never able to
images/000002123.jpg	nds are the connections between children and the 
images/000002124.jpg	set. He told himself, “I wish that I had
images/000002125.jpg	e event of a life-threatening emergency, hum
images/000002126.jpg	e spirit of humanism is apparent in the story o
images/000002127.jpg	ickly discovered the donkey’s trick. He then 
images/000002128.jpg	 tired. Now they realized what the sparrow 
images/000002129.jpg	ty. Humanism calls for us to pay closer a
images/000002130.jpg	s way to enjoy its world. He decided to sit over
images/000002131.jpg	 the butterfly was trying to make its wa
images/000002132.jpg	e walked all the way through the rough path.He
images/000002133.jpg	because I like playing soccer.During the summer
images/000002134.jpg	ing decided to go on a travel to visit plac
images/000002135.jpg	 in the world is difficult for one who sets his m
images/000002136.jpg	ut.The boy told his father about the same.  Th
images/000002137.jpg	f a big tree with a hole in it.Inside the hol
images/000002138.jpg	ily. “So forget about the whole idea. Let’s go ho
images/000002139.jpg	ffer the environment of living, friends make anot
images/000002140.jpg	 ministry came to the king and said that he had
images/000002141.jpg	n remove the nails but still see the holes in th
images/000002142.jpg	g to make its way to enjoy its world. He
images/000002143.jpg	 and they were proud that their king was so ki
images/000002144.jpg	manism is a system of beliefs that focuses o
images/000002145.jpg	“Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not
images/000002146.jpg	re was nothing the merchant could do, except r
images/000002147.jpg	imbs more than ten times up, indicating comp
images/000002148.jpg	ee trunk while he cut down trees in the 
images/000002149.jpg	and noticed that the bags of salt loaded on 
images/000002150.jpg	t maybe the old generation is too conservative t
images/000002151.jpg	uding the children. Chinese families tend t
images/000002152.jpg	t in the Tree TrunkOnce upon a time, the
images/000002153.jpg	g. Unfortunately, even after continuous atte
images/000002154.jpg	e man, who had a passion and love for butt
images/000002155.jpg	w hard he tried, he could not get out of t
images/000002156.jpg	ate student obsessed with the disappearance of al
images/000002157.jpg	upon a time, there was a hungry fox that was
images/000002158.jpg	 the wings expanded or enlarged nor the swolle
images/000002159.jpg	t gives us insights into other cultures and kee
images/000002160.jpg	s. He continued to watch the butterfly and he 
images/000002161.jpg	nrnals and attend English lectures, while 
images/000002162.jpg	 out for the better. Humanism makes the world a
images/000002163.jpg	price has been marked down over and over a
images/000002164.jpg	who had a passion and love for butterflies
images/000002165.jpg	idea. Let’s go home now before you catch a co
images/000002166.jpg	coon to make larger opening for the butte
images/000002167.jpg	bank, now deliberately, the donkey fell into the 
images/000002168.jpg	y get married. So a household consisting o
images/000002169.jpg	es - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he 
images/000002170.jpg	 students need to use it to talk to Engl
images/000002171.jpg	 never look the same! It has scars all ove
images/000002172.jpg	Finally, the boy’s father came up with an idea.
images/000002173.jpg	colours. In fact, he used to spend a lot of tim
images/000002174.jpg	 very hungry. No matter how hard he tried, the
images/000002175.jpg	he walked all the way through the rough pat
images/000002176.jpg	e disappearance of all the ballpoint pens he'
images/000002177.jpg	t of humanism is apparent in the story of "The 
images/000002178.jpg	t turned out Emily also didn’t know much abo
images/000002179.jpg	families tend to have many pleasant char
images/000002180.jpg	r fellows. Occasional examples of human goo
images/000002181.jpg	blems with each other actively, sincerely a
images/000002182.jpg	ways of solving human problems.There are m
images/000002183.jpg	n the story of "The Right Son at the Right Time".
images/000002184.jpg	several hours. He spent almost more than 10 hou
images/000002185.jpg	vised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to 
images/000002186.jpg	enerations. Those who grow up in happy fam
images/000002187.jpg	t be in favor of their children's hairstyle a
images/000002188.jpg	antity of leather and it would cost a huge amo
images/000002189.jpg	He scolded kids, neighbours and even his 
images/000002190.jpg	ent ideas disturb both of them. Most of the thing
images/000002191.jpg	laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a f
images/000002192.jpg	 the gap between them will be narrowed down in
images/000002193.jpg	fter the fox had finished eating, he felt thirst
images/000002194.jpg	mper made him fall for angry words. He scold
images/000002195.jpg	 remained a few nails that the boy could no
images/000002196.jpg	e, but the wound will remain there forev
images/000002197.jpg	oken English will be. Nothing in the world i
images/000002198.jpg	r for several days.Last I will help my mother do
images/000002199.jpg	cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly had been 
images/000002200.jpg	ad with leather? Rather, you can just have a 
images/000002201.jpg	, ‘What do you see there?’The boy replie
images/000002202.jpg	on't feel embarrassed when making some embarrassi
images/000002203.jpg	 flock of fireflies. One of the young mon
images/000002204.jpg	ad eaten so much food that he became too b
images/000002205.jpg	 of the society, computers are now widel
images/000002206.jpg	.”“Do you think he will come if I write to h
images/000002207.jpg	ded the minister. He ordered for a pair o
images/000002208.jpg	l to the fence every time he became angry and to 
images/000002209.jpg	s ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Pare
images/000002210.jpg	iefs that focuses on common human needs 
images/000002211.jpg	nd happiness of the people.His ministers we
images/000002212.jpg	 them too!He made an order to cover the road 
images/000002213.jpg	ame flying to its nest. The monkeys were s
images/000002214.jpg	 around this part of the forest for many yea
images/000002215.jpg	makes the world a more beautiful place to l
images/000002216.jpg	y are respectively more than in other countries'
images/000002217.jpg	and were very stony. He could not tolerate t
images/000002218.jpg	d, “brings presents and toys to human children a
images/000002219.jpg	at I want to do. For exampie,first I will jion a
images/000002220.jpg	be happy. I know I should relax myself and 
images/000002221.jpg	 Monty. “I’ve never seen him, myself.”“Neithe
images/000002222.jpg	or angry words. He scolded kids, neighbou
images/000002223.jpg	ouse,because I miss her very much.I want to 
images/000002224.jpg	ly he went to the edge of the forest and sea
images/000002225.jpg	had to change this for the betterment and happ
images/000002226.jpg	o go to the market in order to sell them. The mer
images/000002227.jpg	 have put so much pressure on myself. One day
images/000002228.jpg	amic pair began a journey through space ai
images/000002229.jpg	r poor firefly.After some time the monkeys b
images/000002230.jpg	ith each other actively, sincerely and fra
images/000002231.jpg	le pain in his feet as it was his first 
images/000002232.jpg	 a more and more important role in moder
images/000002233.jpg	f humanism is apparent in the story of "The Rig
images/000002234.jpg	ked - what was his alternative idea. The m
images/000002235.jpg	thing new. Their voices are not taken into acc
images/000002236.jpg	one nail to the fence every time he became angry
images/000002237.jpg	ts tell me that they don’t care how I do 
images/000002238.jpg	ristmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t
images/000002239.jpg	er that it was several days that he did 
images/000002240.jpg	fortable, immediately.The king thought that he h
images/000002241.jpg	ent opinions on the reasons why generation 
images/000002242.jpg	zing. A group of monkeys were on a tree. 
images/000002243.jpg	thought that at any time, the butterfly might e
images/000002244.jpg	ved when no nail was hammered! Yet, the bo
images/000002245.jpg	n remove the nails but still see the holes i
images/000002246.jpg	moved the remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerge
images/000002247.jpg	t feel embarrassed when making some embarrassin
images/000002248.jpg	etters, etc.Students should have some ideal qual
images/000002249.jpg	 “I’ve never seen him, myself.”“Neither ha
images/000002250.jpg	buse! Use words for good. Use them to embra
images/000002251.jpg	nd seminars, write letters, etc.Students 
images/000002252.jpg	l the ballpoint pens he's bought over the yea
images/000002253.jpg	at was his alternative idea. The minister tol
images/000002254.jpg	several weeks, he returned to the palace.
images/000002255.jpg	he hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had ea
images/000002256.jpg	hese pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? 
images/000002257.jpg	g man's actions were the example of humanis
images/000002258.jpg	glish well. In order to improve the ability of
images/000002259.jpg	tired when I was go to school. Except for 
images/000002260.jpg	ther and father consoled him in many ways 
images/000002261.jpg	 see. Santa Claus is only for human child
images/000002262.jpg	families are hospitable. The family gath
images/000002263.jpg	uality for successful English learning i
images/000002264.jpg	hink all of you should take shelter in a cav
images/000002265.jpg	he fierce market competition, the price has bee
images/000002266.jpg	nnections between children and the society, so b
images/000002267.jpg	r daily life, whether you admit it or not. Wh
images/000002268.jpg	umanism. The spirit of humanism is apparent in 
images/000002269.jpg	s and entertain friends. The household i
images/000002270.jpg	ed, “brings presents and toys to human child
images/000002271.jpg	 and keeps our minds open to better ways
images/000002272.jpg	rvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronical
images/000002273.jpg	well in the exam, I will show my paper to my 
images/000002274.jpg	ormer graduate student obsessed with the disappea
images/000002275.jpg	butterfly come out of the cocoon without any
images/000002276.jpg	ith their king and they were proud that th
images/000002277.jpg	he went to the edge of the forest and searc
images/000002278.jpg	because I miss her very much.I want to stay wit
images/000002279.jpg	eanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost and the f
images/000002280.jpg	 was never able to live a life like a butte
images/000002281.jpg	he returned to the palace. He was quite 
images/000002282.jpg	l qualities to succeed in English learni
images/000002283.jpg	He saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that
images/000002284.jpg	strate humanism. The spirit of humanism is ap
images/000002285.jpg	 so that people might feel comfortable, imme
images/000002286.jpg	ather cut in appropriate shape to cover your fee
images/000002287.jpg	he loaded his donkey with more bags of s
images/000002288.jpg	ived under the rule of a king. The people of 
images/000002289.jpg	fortunately, neither the wings expanded or 
images/000002290.jpg	e road with leather? Rather, you can just have a
images/000002291.jpg	appreciated him and asked him pointing to the h
images/000002292.jpg	attempts for several hours, there was no pro
images/000002293.jpg	r gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked his son
images/000002294.jpg	ters that the roads weren’t comfortable and we
images/000002295.jpg	 in order to sell them. The merchant and hi
images/000002296.jpg	he butterfly and he was quite eager to watch the 
images/000002297.jpg	 taking care of me, she also has to work. T
images/000002298.jpg	es from an unappealing worm! Here is the
images/000002299.jpg	Here is the story of a butterfly that was never a
images/000002300.jpg	ell in the exam. I want to be happy all the time
images/000002301.jpg	use I like playing soccer.During the summer holi
images/000002302.jpg	 obsessed with the disappearance of all the
images/000002303.jpg	eep the lines of communications with them o
images/000002304.jpg	an get into the society and become sociabl
images/000002305.jpg	eir parents even after they get married.
images/000002306.jpg	s. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we co
images/000002307.jpg	nately, all their attempts failed. Finall
images/000002308.jpg	or the betterment and happiness of the people.
images/000002309.jpg	ove my skills.Second I will go to my grandm
images/000002310.jpg	y very soon and taunt others with his words
images/000002311.jpg	up at a cocktail party once upon a time zo
images/000002312.jpg	n (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfrie
images/000002313.jpg	 anger were like that! Words are more painful
images/000002314.jpg	nce. He complained to his ministers that the 
images/000002315.jpg	eral days that he did not hammer any nail and
images/000002316.jpg	er extended a helping hand to the old man
images/000002317.jpg	mper.Gradually, the number of nails hammered to 
images/000002318.jpg	r set themselves against what the elders
images/000002319.jpg	the butterfly might expand the wings, shrink t
images/000002320.jpg	t was a cold and silent night. The weather was fr
images/000002321.jpg	time he lost his temper, he ran to the fence
images/000002322.jpg	ned out Emily also didn’t know much about Ch
images/000002323.jpg	isters that the roads weren’t comfortable and we
images/000002324.jpg	ree trunk while he cut down trees in the forest. 
images/000002325.jpg	d me, shivering in the cold air.“Santa Clau
images/000002326.jpg	e of all the ballpoint pens he's bought o
images/000002327.jpg	y again set on its way. On reaching the river he
images/000002328.jpg	e day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet
images/000002329.jpg	g soccer.During the summer holiday, I want
images/000002330.jpg	comes to the problem of generation gap, pe
images/000002331.jpg	 got a pair of scissors and tweaked the 
images/000002332.jpg	erfly looked no longer beautiful and had a sw
images/000002333.jpg	 pilgrim centres at distant places. He decided to
images/000002334.jpg	mother and father consoled him in many ways 
images/000002335.jpg	her so that people might feel comfortable, 
images/000002336.jpg	e than 10 hours with the cocoon and the butterfl
images/000002337.jpg	 father consoled him in many ways to give up hi
images/000002338.jpg	 spoke in anger, his friends and neighbou
images/000002339.jpg	ch president of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly
images/000002340.jpg	auded the minister. He ordered for a pair of lea
images/000002341.jpg	, this dynamic pair began a journey throu
images/000002342.jpg	ost and the fierce market competition, the p
images/000002343.jpg	 clothes. Young people either turn a deaf 
images/000002344.jpg	tion to our fellows. Occasional examples of
images/000002345.jpg	sters that the roads weren’t comfortable and 
images/000002346.jpg	 story of a butterfly that was never able to li
images/000002347.jpg	things that I want to do. For exampie,fi
images/000002348.jpg	 his suggestionand applauded the minister
images/000002349.jpg	 of a big tree with a hole in it.Inside
images/000002350.jpg	hed to make way for a galactic freeway, Arth
images/000002351.jpg	lp children to understand the world as it is, s
images/000002352.jpg	disturb both of them. Most of the things that yo
images/000002353.jpg	rim centres and could see his fellow people 
images/000002354.jpg	 to half. The little boy found it very diff
images/000002355.jpg	neration gap exists in our daily life, whether y
images/000002356.jpg	 through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even af
images/000002357.jpg	e butterfly come out of the cocoon without any mo
images/000002358.jpg	n face of hardship. Don't be intimidated eve
images/000002359.jpg	ely thought that there might be food in it, and h
images/000002360.jpg	to hammer one nail to the fence every time he bec
images/000002361.jpg	been proud of.People have different opinions
images/000002362.jpg	petition, the price has been marked down over 
images/000002363.jpg	 he forgot what he spoke in anger, his fr
images/000002364.jpg	tiny opening. It meant that the butterfly was t
images/000002365.jpg	 on are disgusting to them.Both generation
images/000002366.jpg	g, and generous to visitors who can drop in on f
images/000002367.jpg	n English well. In order to improve the a
images/000002368.jpg	hours to about 19 hours. The number climbs
images/000002369.jpg	 to the old man in time of need. The young m
images/000002370.jpg	 out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the 
images/000002371.jpg	ing cocoon. The butterfly emerged without any 
images/000002372.jpg	ters are now widely applied in almost every field
images/000002373.jpg	e happy. I know I should relax myself and b
images/000002374.jpg	nce every time he became angry and to lose 
images/000002375.jpg	and silent night. The weather was freezing. A gr
images/000002376.jpg	struggle to transform from an ugly caterp
images/000002377.jpg	he galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan),
images/000002378.jpg	nnot pull out a few nails. The fence never 
images/000002379.jpg	Son at the Right Time". The soldier extended a he
images/000002380.jpg	 old generation is too conservative to accept
images/000002381.jpg	e. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, his
images/000002382.jpg	ce of leather cut in appropriate shape to 
images/000002383.jpg	ess can remind us of the meaning of humanism.
images/000002384.jpg	taking care of me, she also has to work. The
images/000002385.jpg	the Right Time". The soldier extended a helpin
images/000002386.jpg	over! You can stab a man with a knife, but 
images/000002387.jpg	ravelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-head
images/000002388.jpg	of the load becoming lighter, it became heavier.
images/000002389.jpg	rth is demolished to make way for a galactic fr
images/000002390.jpg	 became angry and to lose his temper. The little 
images/000002391.jpg	that he did not hammer any nail and he did 
images/000002392.jpg	help her in the holidays.What will you do on S
images/000002393.jpg	ppy to have a conversation with their ki
images/000002394.jpg	uth and has never seen snow before,” Fri
images/000002395.jpg	, people's ideas are not cut from the sa
images/000002396.jpg	le either turn a deaf ear to the elders' exp
images/000002397.jpg	ker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the l
images/000002398.jpg	m a nearby spring. However, no matter how hard h
images/000002399.jpg	anism calls for us to pay closer attention to
images/000002400.jpg	ks on the world, the gap between them will be na
images/000002401.jpg	imes on the first day! Every time he lost his te
images/000002402.jpg	ime he lost his temper, he ran to the fenc
images/000002403.jpg	 president of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tric
images/000002404.jpg	d, the fox could not find food. Finally he went 
images/000002405.jpg	ars, write letters, etc.Students should have 
images/000002406.jpg	y. Don't feel embarrassed when making some em
images/000002407.jpg	w hard he tried, he could not get out of th
images/000002408.jpg	Right Time". The soldier extended a helping hand
images/000002409.jpg	the cocoon without any more struggles. He con
images/000002410.jpg	 common human needs and seeks rational ways of so
images/000002411.jpg	ed no longer beautiful and had a swollen body
images/000002412.jpg	e donkey’s trick. He then returned home again 
images/000002413.jpg	l go to my grandma's house,because I miss her
images/000002414.jpg	e in anger, his friends and neighbours avoide
images/000002415.jpg	llows with respect and tolerance, many thing
images/000002416.jpg	nail and he did not lose his temper!Now, his fa
images/000002417.jpg	intention, only going through the struggles th
images/000002418.jpg	sturb both of them. Most of the things t
images/000002419.jpg	ned the package, he saw there were a lot of food,
images/000002420.jpg	dly, welcoming, and generous to visitors who can 
images/000002421.jpg	akers, attend seminars, write letters, etc
images/000002422.jpg	you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so m
images/000002423.jpg	duced and the day arrived when no nail was
images/000002424.jpg	 fellows. Occasional examples of human goodness c
images/000002425.jpg	 in the exam, I will show my paper to my p
images/000002426.jpg	nother important part in shaping children's 
images/000002427.jpg	A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful s
images/000002428.jpg	l embarrassed when making some embarrassing
images/000002429.jpg	whether you admit it or not. When it comes to t
images/000002430.jpg	 we don’t want to undergo any struggle, we won’t
images/000002431.jpg	 he saw there were a lot of food, bread, meat a
images/000002432.jpg	e country with leather so that people migh
images/000002433.jpg	 shaping children's personality. Friends are th
images/000002434.jpg	 do well in the exam. I want to be happy all 
images/000002435.jpg	They continued to blow at our poor firef
images/000002436.jpg	r is a wonderful machine. Today it is used a gr
images/000002437.jpg	ly, neither the wings expanded or enlarged nor th
images/000002438.jpg	the butterfly struggling to break the shell 
images/000002439.jpg	. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy bu
images/000002440.jpg	or butterflies decided to help the butterfly. 
images/000002441.jpg	turn home where he loaded his donkey with more 
images/000002442.jpg	ons. Those who grow up in happy families tend 
images/000002443.jpg	t and searched there for food. Suddenly 
images/000002444.jpg	 beautiful place to live in.
images/000002445.jpg	ds before Earth is demolished to make way for 
images/000002446.jpg	e hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had
images/000002447.jpg	kly discovered the donkey’s trick. He then r
images/000002448.jpg	unappealing worm! Here is the story of a butter
images/000002449.jpg	tting on the same tree. She noticed what the
images/000002450.jpg	p children to understand the world as it is
images/000002451.jpg	need it for different purposes. Some stu
images/000002452.jpg	lained, “brings presents and toys to human
images/000002453.jpg	s every day as he had controlled his ange
images/000002454.jpg	hey were hammered on people. You can remove th
images/000002455.jpg	ble. The family gathers together to cele
images/000002456.jpg	not cut from the same cloth. Parents may
images/000002457.jpg	or all the answers, stick your thumb to the
images/000002458.jpg	ut 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The numb
images/000002459.jpg	 of cost and the fierce market competition, th
images/000002460.jpg	d. He decided to sit over and watch how 
images/000002461.jpg	Parents may not be in favor of their childre
images/000002462.jpg	 would struggle to transform from an ugl
images/000002463.jpg	e there?’The boy replied, ‘a hole in the fen
images/000002464.jpg	its wonderful combination of colours. In fa
images/000002465.jpg	onstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism is 
images/000002466.jpg	 members in a Chinese family are respectively mor
images/000002467.jpg	 He invited all worries for his parents t
images/000002468.jpg	m to show your heart!”A Merchant and his 
images/000002469.jpg	paranoid, brilliant, and chronically depresse
images/000002470.jpg	ckly. Further more, it gives us insights into o
images/000002471.jpg	pirit of humanism is apparent in the story of "
images/000002472.jpg	d anger were like that! Words are more pain
images/000002473.jpg	lock of fireflies. One of the young monkeys thoug
images/000002474.jpg	aying soccer.During the summer holiday, I
images/000002475.jpg	rted blowing at it.Some other monkeys al
images/000002476.jpg	rfly. The butterfly had been struggling v
images/000002477.jpg	 the example of humanistic behavior. In the event
images/000002478.jpg	e that! Words are more painful than physic
images/000002479.jpg	eing things. Computers largely broaden our visio
images/000002480.jpg	ortunately, neither the wings expanded or enlarge
images/000002481.jpg	utter had placed the food in the tree trunk w
images/000002482.jpg	ich he will grow up. Parents are children'
images/000002483.jpg	spectively more than in other countries' fami
images/000002484.jpg	e sparrow continued: “I think all of you should t
images/000002485.jpg	ll go to my grandma's house,because I mis
images/000002486.jpg	ghbours and even his friends due to anger. He i
images/000002487.jpg	em. The merchant and his donkey were walking 
images/000002488.jpg	eakers, attend seminars, write letters, et
images/000002489.jpg	f all the ballpoint pens he's bought over the
images/000002490.jpg	between children and the society, so by c
images/000002491.jpg	f the nails from the fence. However, there
images/000002492.jpg	runk while he cut down trees in the fores
images/000002493.jpg	ry field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks 
images/000002494.jpg	e people of the kingdom were very happy as 
images/000002495.jpg	ntrol his temper.Gradually, the number of nail
images/000002496.jpg	open, at the same time they must keep in mind t
images/000002497.jpg	 noticed a flock of fireflies. One of the youn
images/000002498.jpg	ranoid, brilliant, and chronically depressed rob
images/000002499.jpg	through space aided by a galaxyful of fellow 
images/000002500.jpg	 was very sad and upset. He told himself,
images/000002501.jpg	the example of humanistic behavior. In the 
images/000002502.jpg	se_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around 
images/000002503.jpg	her gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked his s
images/000002504.jpg	oticed what they were doing. The sparrow lau
images/000002505.jpg	 the society, computers are now widely applied
images/000002506.jpg	he saw there were a lot of food, bread, m
images/000002507.jpg	e told himself, “I wish that I had though
images/000002508.jpg	overed the donkey’s trick. He then returned hom
images/000002509.jpg	gs could support the body.  Unfortunatel
images/000002510.jpg	he nails from the fence. However, there rema
images/000002511.jpg	the story of a butterfly that was never able to l
images/000002512.jpg	 help the butterfly. He got a pair of scisso
images/000002513.jpg	d, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a coc
images/000002514.jpg	 do some housework. She was really tired 
images/000002515.jpg	it or not. When it comes to the problem 
images/000002516.jpg	 the revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to
images/000002517.jpg	y that he visited many pilgrim centres and could 
images/000002518.jpg	r and anger were like that! Words are more pa
images/000002519.jpg	ents through the verbal usage. While he forgo
images/000002520.jpg	told himself, “I wish that I had thought 
images/000002521.jpg	It makes us do things more quickly. Further more,
images/000002522.jpg	continuous effort from the butterfly to come o
images/000002523.jpg	nt. These different ideas disturb both of them. 
images/000002524.jpg	laus,” I explained, “brings presents and t
images/000002525.jpg	 become lighter and smaller and the wings wo
images/000002526.jpg	. Use them to embrace the relationships. Use the
images/000002527.jpg	me zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chro
images/000002528.jpg	 butterfly. He got a pair of scissors and twe
images/000002529.jpg	ly. The butterfly had been struggling very 
images/000002530.jpg	 into the water. But instead of the load b
images/000002531.jpg	h her for several days.Last I will help my 
images/000002532.jpg	nd father consoled him in many ways to give up hi
images/000002533.jpg	laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys tha
images/000002534.jpg	angry and to lose his temper. The little boy
images/000002535.jpg	the butterfly and he was quite eager to w
images/000002536.jpg	to the king and said that he had another id
images/000002537.jpg	, who had a passion and love for butterfli
images/000002538.jpg	short, the most essential quality for successful
images/000002539.jpg	an in time of need. The young man's actions were 
images/000002540.jpg	e did not hammer any nail and he did not lose h
images/000002541.jpg	to the water. But instead of the load bec
images/000002542.jpg	The boy used to get angry very soon and taunt o
images/000002543.jpg	d.Short Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2
images/000002544.jpg	dness can remind us of the meaning of humanism.
images/000002545.jpg	glish better than you. Participate in all oral a
images/000002546.jpg	computers are playing a more and more import
images/000002547.jpg	depressed due to his bad temper. The boy used to
images/000002548.jpg	n a travel to visit places of historical 
images/000002549.jpg	on gap exists in our daily life, whether you ad
images/000002550.jpg	friends and relatives without previous in
images/000002551.jpg	. He was the only son for them. The parents 
images/000002552.jpg	nism is a system of beliefs that focuses on c
images/000002553.jpg	 the fox had finished eating, he felt thi
images/000002554.jpg	.The Importance of HumanismHumanism is
images/000002555.jpg	o leave the trunk and drink some water from a 
images/000002556.jpg	complained to his ministers that the roads wer
images/000002557.jpg	The man was happy that he made the butte
images/000002558.jpg	on people. You can remove the nails but stil
images/000002559.jpg	 mother do some housework. She was really
images/000002560.jpg	e holidays and entertain friends. The househo
images/000002561.jpg	gressing of the society, computers are now
images/000002562.jpg	s are children's first teachers, so family does
images/000002563.jpg	yself and be happy.A Hole in the FenceIn a 
images/000002564.jpg	 I have put so much pressure on myself. One day, 
images/000002565.jpg	 father and mother. He was the only son f
images/000002566.jpg	tudents need it to read English textbooks or
images/000002567.jpg	up. Parents are children's first teacher
images/000002568.jpg	everal weeks, he returned to the palace. 
images/000002569.jpg	tle boy lived with his father and mother. 
images/000002570.jpg	en years, has been posing as an out-of-w
images/000002571.jpg	 misfortunes.The king decided to go on a t
images/000002572.jpg	ame to the king and said that he had another 
images/000002573.jpg	mprehension, one should get access to a lot of r
images/000002574.jpg	l days.Last I will help my mother do some housewo
images/000002575.jpg	 every day as he had controlled his anger. Se
images/000002576.jpg	 I want to be happy all the time. But I ha
images/000002577.jpg	Young people either turn a deaf ear to the el
images/000002578.jpg	y and become sociable.In a word, familie
images/000002579.jpg	y was trying to make its way to enjoy its wo
images/000002580.jpg	ildren. Chinese families tend to socialize t
images/000002581.jpg	o the hole and when he opened the package, he saw
images/000002582.jpg	ime he lost his temper, he ran to the fence 
images/000002583.jpg	butterfly was trying to make its way to enj
images/000002584.jpg	py as they had a very prosperous life with 
images/000002585.jpg	ut any more struggles. He continued to watch 
images/000002586.jpg	s to give up his anger and develop kindness. Un
images/000002587.jpg	ver, no matter how hard he tried, he cou
images/000002588.jpg	ng the river he again fell into the water. Bu
images/000002589.jpg	 to talk to English-speakers, attend seminars, w
images/000002590.jpg	xy who, for the last fifteen years, has b
images/000002591.jpg	and upset. He told himself, “I wish that I had
images/000002592.jpg	n I do well in the exam, I will show my paper 
images/000002593.jpg	 about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Wa
images/000002594.jpg	iendly, welcoming, and generous to visitors wh
images/000002595.jpg	t as it was his first trip by foot to longe
images/000002596.jpg	 became angry and to lose his temper. The li
images/000002597.jpg	an 10 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly
images/000002598.jpg	eld of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decl
images/000002599.jpg	come out through the tiny opening. Unfortuna
images/000002600.jpg	 and noticed that the bags of salt loaded 
images/000002601.jpg	y life, whether you admit it or not. When 
images/000002602.jpg	Right Son at the Right Time". The soldie
images/000002603.jpg	 Earth is demolished to make way for a galactic f
images/000002604.jpg	He spent almost more than 10 hours with th
images/000002605.jpg	y who, for the last fifteen years, has been p
images/000002606.jpg	ily. “So forget about the whole idea. Let’s go
images/000002607.jpg	hough you find others speaking English better t
images/000002608.jpg	 a lot of benefits to us. It makes us do 
images/000002609.jpg	very stony. He could not tolerate the pain as
images/000002610.jpg	 monkeys were on a tree. They were clinging to
images/000002611.jpg	ey reached a river on the road.Unfortuna
images/000002612.jpg	 help accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. D
images/000002613.jpg	ad eaten so much food that he became too b
images/000002614.jpg	fly would have emerged like any other beaut
images/000002615.jpg	e shell for several hours. He spent almost more
images/000002616.jpg	to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it
images/000002617.jpg	lter in a cave”. The monkeys did not listen to th
images/000002618.jpg	peal to different generations. Those who
images/000002619.jpg	 in order to sell them. The merchant and his donk
images/000002620.jpg	l to the fence every time he became angry and
images/000002621.jpg	ows. Occasional examples of human goodness can re
images/000002622.jpg	d seeks rational ways of solving human p
images/000002623.jpg	here was no progress. It seemed that the butt
images/000002624.jpg	hina, children live with their parents ev
images/000002625.jpg	he trunk and drink some water from a nea
images/000002626.jpg	Those who grow up in happy families tend to 
images/000002627.jpg	 be in favor of their children's hairstyle and w
images/000002628.jpg	all worries for his parents through the 
images/000002629.jpg	to pick up at a cocktail party once upon a ti
images/000002630.jpg	brox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie an
images/000002631.jpg	t factors which affect a person's growth. One is 
images/000002632.jpg	rink the body and the wings could support the
images/000002633.jpg	iful one.He saw a cocoon with tiny opening
images/000002634.jpg	 graduate student obsessed with the disapp
images/000002635.jpg	ce more to improve my skills.Second I wil
images/000002636.jpg	e boy lived with his father and mother. He w
images/000002637.jpg	arket competition, the price has been marke
images/000002638.jpg	” I said, “he hasn’t been around this part of
images/000002639.jpg	s is the family in which he will grow up. Pa
images/000002640.jpg	 to the palace. He was quite happy that he visite
images/000002641.jpg	ilent night. The weather was freezing. A group 
images/000002642.jpg	y of "The Right Son at the Right Time". Th
images/000002643.jpg	t about the whole idea. Let’s go home now
images/000002644.jpg	er consoled him in many ways to give up his a
images/000002645.jpg	ours to about 19 hours. The number climbs more th
images/000002646.jpg	 foolish, tricky donkey again set on its way.
images/000002647.jpg	ink so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him,
images/000002648.jpg	ality for successful English learning is persev
images/000002649.jpg	nt to do. For exampie,first I will jion a soccer
images/000002650.jpg	as SurpriseIt was two days before Christm
images/000002651.jpg	t out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the
images/000002652.jpg	married. So a household consisting of three g
images/000002653.jpg	terfly come out of the cocoon without any
images/000002654.jpg	 alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why 
images/000002655.jpg	rest and searched there for food. Suddenly he cau
images/000002656.jpg	butes to household duties, including the children
images/000002657.jpg	n you. Participate in all oral activities. The mo
images/000002658.jpg	ifferent generations. Those who grow up 
images/000002659.jpg	e answers, stick your thumb to the stars!
images/000002660.jpg	er very much.I want to stay with her for s
images/000002661.jpg	dea. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to k
images/000002662.jpg	ity of English reading comprehension, on
images/000002663.jpg	utterfly and removed the remaining cocoon. The 
images/000002664.jpg	rket in order to sell them. The merchant and his 
images/000002665.jpg	Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised e
images/000002666.jpg	lked far when they reached a river on the road
images/000002667.jpg	of the nails from the fence. However, th
images/000002668.jpg	iant, and chronically depressed robot; and Veet
images/000002669.jpg	new how a butterfly would struggle to transform f
images/000002670.jpg	es offer children warmth, care and shelter,
images/000002671.jpg	 failed. Finally, the boy’s father came u
images/000002672.jpg	he monkeys said, “I wish we could find some fire.
images/000002673.jpg	 to celebrate holidays and entertain fri
images/000002674.jpg	nger, his friends and neighbours avoided him.
images/000002675.jpg	ly might expand the wings, shrink the body and th
images/000002676.jpg	r from a nearby spring. However, no matter 
images/000002677.jpg	had been struggling very hard for hours to 
images/000002678.jpg	earn English well. In order to improve the ab
images/000002679.jpg	 his father that it was several days that 
images/000002680.jpg	ral days.Last I will help my mother do so
images/000002681.jpg	id it with good intention, only going thr
images/000002682.jpg	ng in the cold air.“Santa Claus,” I exp
images/000002683.jpg	ided to go on a travel to visit places of hist
images/000002684.jpg	uccessful English learning is perseveran
images/000002685.jpg	 The minister told, ‘Why do you want to k
images/000002686.jpg	re more painful than physical abuse! Use
images/000002687.jpg	l. Except for taking care of me, she also h
images/000002688.jpg	h withered wings and huge body. It was nev
images/000002689.jpg	occer.During the summer holiday, I want to p
images/000002690.jpg	e returned to the palace. He was quite ha
images/000002691.jpg	e your bad temper and they were hammered
images/000002692.jpg	e either turn a deaf ear to the elders' experi
images/000002693.jpg	the day arrived when no nail was hammered
images/000002694.jpg	 the butterfly and he was quite eager to w
images/000002695.jpg	efore,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know muc
images/000002696.jpg	t of humanism is apparent in the story o
images/000002697.jpg	his father gave him a huge bag of nails. He a
images/000002698.jpg	rent opinions on the reasons why generatio
images/000002699.jpg	ore painful than physical abuse! Use words
images/000002700.jpg	can be as important as actual medical treatm
images/000002701.jpg	.Suddenly they noticed a flock of fireflies. One
images/000002702.jpg	t of the nails from the fence. However, th
images/000002703.jpg	onnections between children and the soci
images/000002704.jpg	father about the same.  The father appreciat
images/000002705.jpg	very prosperous life with abundance of wealth and
images/000002706.jpg	rious and accepted to do what his father sa
images/000002707.jpg	families are hospitable. The family gathers toget
images/000002708.jpg	e holy animal cow to cover the road with leathe
images/000002709.jpg	y words. He scolded kids, neighbours and
images/000002710.jpg	An old woodcutter had placed the food in the tr
images/000002711.jpg	nfluence a person's growth. There are two apparen
images/000002712.jpg	hey should learn to understand their chi
images/000002713.jpg	the same tree. She noticed what they were doing.
images/000002714.jpg	o pay closer attention to our fellows. Occ
images/000002715.jpg	” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about the 
images/000002716.jpg	er to my parents, they are so happy to s
images/000002717.jpg	ents to animal children?” Emily asked.Short Stor
images/000002718.jpg	trying to make its way to enjoy its world. H
images/000002719.jpg	 way to enjoy its world. He decided to sit ove
images/000002720.jpg	e children. Chinese families tend to soci
images/000002721.jpg	people. You can remove the nails but still see th
images/000002722.jpg	l English learning is perseverance in face o
images/000002723.jpg	 noticed a flock of fireflies. One of th
images/000002724.jpg	ong as both sides keep their minds open to each 
images/000002725.jpg	 it to talk to English-speakers, attend semin
images/000002726.jpg	 or not. When it comes to the problem of generati
images/000002727.jpg	ance of our society. Humanism calls for us to pay
images/000002728.jpg	t of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox ha
images/000002729.jpg	world as it is, so they are the dearest p
images/000002730.jpg	ice has been marked down over and over aga
images/000002731.jpg	, no matter how hard he tried, he could 
images/000002732.jpg	bal usage. While he forgot what he spoke in a
images/000002733.jpg	e pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? For all
images/000002734.jpg	 the boy did not lose his temper. He told his 
images/000002735.jpg	es keep their minds open to each other's outl
images/000002736.jpg	 monkeys were sitting on the same tree. 
images/000002737.jpg	all the bags of salt on its back again.The
images/000002738.jpg	me to be happy. I know I should relax my
images/000002739.jpg	ld himself, “I wish that I had thought a little 
images/000002740.jpg	but still see the holes in the fence. Agai
images/000002741.jpg	gain set on its way. On reaching the river he a
images/000002742.jpg	oes he also bring presents to animal children?” 
images/000002743.jpg	 butterfly and he was quite eager to watch the b
images/000002744.jpg	hat he spoke in anger, his friends and neigh
images/000002745.jpg	 sides should talk over their problems with each
images/000002746.jpg	ren's personality. Friends are the connections 
images/000002747.jpg	s who can drop in on friends and relatives 
images/000002748.jpg	help the butterfly. He got a pair of sciss
images/000002749.jpg	orm! Here is the story of a butterfly that was
images/000002750.jpg	he was really tired when I was go to school. Exce
images/000002751.jpg	ons between children and the society, so 
images/000002752.jpg	 were the example of humanistic behavior. In 
images/000002753.jpg	inese families tend to socialize togethe
images/000002754.jpg	respectively more than in other countries
images/000002755.jpg	cows to get the sufficient quantity of leat
images/000002756.jpg	portant part in shaping children's person
images/000002757.jpg	 while some students need to use it to talk 
images/000002758.jpg	 some housework. She was really tired when I 
images/000002759.jpg	e will grow up. Parents are children's firs
images/000002760.jpg	to enjoy its world. He decided to sit ove
images/000002761.jpg	 people.His ministers were stunned to hear his
images/000002762.jpg	the same time they must keep in mind that 
images/000002763.jpg	ther the wings expanded or enlarged nor the 
images/000002764.jpg	y. Don't feel embarrassed when making som
images/000002765.jpg	me students need it to read English text
images/000002766.jpg	t lose his temper!Now, his father told him to r
images/000002767.jpg	o stay with her for several days.Last I will
images/000002768.jpg	found it hilarious and accepted to do what hi
images/000002769.jpg	omplained to his ministers that the roads
images/000002770.jpg	more struggles. He continued to watch the
images/000002771.jpg	t most of the nails from the fence. Howev
images/000002772.jpg	t was his first trip by foot to longer d
images/000002773.jpg	hod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pic
images/000002774.jpg	nce and pilgrim centres at distant places.
images/000002775.jpg	” I said, “he hasn’t been around this par
images/000002776.jpg	, all their attempts failed. Finally, the bo
images/000002777.jpg	er so that people might feel comfortable, immed
images/000002778.jpg	ver the road of the whole country with lea
images/000002779.jpg	utterfly had been struggling very hard for ho
images/000002780.jpg	t things appeal to different generations. Th
images/000002781.jpg	nds. The household is always friendly, wel
images/000002782.jpg	s between children and the society, so by 
images/000002783.jpg	ts tell me that they don’t care how I do w
images/000002784.jpg	ism can be as important as actual medical 
images/000002785.jpg	rlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up a
images/000002786.jpg	were so happy to have a conversation wit
images/000002787.jpg	 to the problem of generation gap, people's idea
images/000002788.jpg	 the nails from the fence. However, there
images/000002789.jpg	ished to make way for a galactic freeway, 
images/000002790.jpg	 parents even after they get married. So a ho
images/000002791.jpg	ther said.The nails drove him to hammer in th
images/000002792.jpg	 can stab a man with a knife, but the wo
images/000002793.jpg	d has never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “Sh
images/000002794.jpg	his temper, he ran to the fence and hamme
images/000002795.jpg	ike playing soccer.During the summer holid
images/000002796.jpg	 searched there for food. Suddenly he caught si
images/000002797.jpg	ed the remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged 
images/000002798.jpg	 entertain friends. The household is always
images/000002799.jpg	pull out most of the nails from the fence. How
images/000002800.jpg	e palace. He was quite happy that he visited man
images/000002801.jpg	re were a lot of food, bread, meat and fr
images/000002802.jpg	the road with leather? Rather, you can j
images/000002803.jpg	f salt. As they reached the slippery riverbank
images/000002804.jpg	 places were so happy to have a conversation w
images/000002805.jpg	r and mother. He was the only son for them. 
images/000002806.jpg	ng. However, no matter how hard he tried
images/000002807.jpg	se his temper. The little boy found it h
images/000002808.jpg	are we born? Why do we die? For all the an
images/000002809.jpg	lebrate holidays and entertain friends. The ho
images/000002810.jpg	cost and the fierce market competition, the price
images/000002811.jpg	f English reading comprehension, one should g
images/000002812.jpg	ble. The family gathers together to celebrate h
images/000002813.jpg	 It seemed that the butterfly tried its best
images/000002814.jpg	efect, a researcher for the revised edition
images/000002815.jpg	rove my skills.Second I will go to my grandma
images/000002816.jpg	and were very stony. He could not tolerate the
images/000002817.jpg	 drop in on friends and relatives without pre
images/000002818.jpg	 come out of the cocoon without any more stru
images/000002819.jpg	her was freezing. A group of monkeys wer
images/000002820.jpg	ention to our fellows. Occasional examples
images/000002821.jpg	 places. He decided to travel by foot to
images/000002822.jpg	nkeys were on a tree. They were clinging to its
images/000002823.jpg	 in time of need. The young man's actions 
images/000002824.jpg	 You can remove the nails but still see the holes
images/000002825.jpg	 even after continuous attempts for severa
images/000002826.jpg	ot pull out a few nails. The fence never look th
images/000002827.jpg	ry and to lose his temper. The little boy fou
images/000002828.jpg	oon without any more struggles. He continued to
images/000002829.jpg	The household is always friendly, welcoming, and 
images/000002830.jpg	s to the problem of generation gap, people's
images/000002831.jpg	 them. People of distant places were so happy to 
images/000002832.jpg	ld not get out of the hole. Do you know 
images/000002833.jpg	a researcher for the revised edition of 
images/000002834.jpg	rt Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I 
images/000002835.jpg	help my mother do some housework. She was re
images/000002836.jpg	 used a great deal. There is a drastic increase 
images/000002837.jpg	enomenon? As far as I know, it involves s
images/000002838.jpg	 30 times on the first day! Every time he lost h
images/000002839.jpg	e was the only son for them. The parents of the 
images/000002840.jpg	er important part in shaping children's personali
images/000002841.jpg	Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morn
images/000002842.jpg	in the story of "The Right Son at the Right Tim
images/000002843.jpg	ore painful than physical abuse! Use word
images/000002844.jpg	nservative to accept anything new. Their voi
images/000002845.jpg	urther more, it gives us insights into othe
images/000002846.jpg	 Their voices are not taken into account. These 
images/000002847.jpg	 of wealth and no misfortunes.The king decid
images/000002848.jpg	im centres and could see his fellow people leadin
images/000002849.jpg	an unappealing worm! Here is the story of 
images/000002850.jpg	 ministers were stunned to hear his order a
images/000002851.jpg	aper to my parents, they are so happy to see 
images/000002852.jpg	the butterfly and removed the remaining cocoon.
images/000002853.jpg	it places of historical importance and pil
images/000002854.jpg	mmered! Yet, the boy did not lose his temper.
images/000002855.jpg	 make another important part in shaping chi
images/000002856.jpg	old his father about the same.  The father apprec
images/000002857.jpg	ated him and asked him pointing to the hole, ‘Wha
images/000002858.jpg	chant and his donkey were walking along togeth
images/000002859.jpg	manism makes the world a more beautiful place to 
images/000002860.jpg	the story of "The Right Son at the Right Time".
images/000002861.jpg	not find food. Finally he went to the edge of 
images/000002862.jpg	ked the cocoon to make larger opening for t
images/000002863.jpg	stab a man with a knife, but the wound will r
images/000002864.jpg	o apparent factors which affect a person's gr
images/000002865.jpg	be. Nothing in the world is difficult for one wh
images/000002866.jpg	 to learn English well. In order to impr
images/000002867.jpg	rents are children's first teachers, so fam
images/000002868.jpg	ristmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy
images/000002869.jpg	e first day! Every time he lost his temper, h
images/000002870.jpg	ether, with several generations gathering a
images/000002871.jpg	 have a piece of leather cut in appropri
images/000002872.jpg	 monkeys also joined in his effort.A sparrow cam
images/000002873.jpg	y things that I want to do. For exampie,first I
images/000002874.jpg	g very hard for hours to come out through th
images/000002875.jpg	ldren?” Emily asked.Short Stories - Christmas 
images/000002876.jpg	m fall for angry words. He scolded kids, ne
images/000002877.jpg	ying a more and more important role in modern l
images/000002878.jpg	 apparent factors which affect a person's 
images/000002879.jpg	s. The household is always friendly, welco
images/000002880.jpg	ery stony. He could not tolerate the pain as 
images/000002881.jpg	kly discovered the donkey’s trick. He then retu
images/000002882.jpg	spectively more than in other countries' family.
images/000002883.jpg	ish and they need it for different purposes. 
images/000002884.jpg	me around butterflies. He knew how a butterfly 
images/000002885.jpg	at do you see there?’The boy replied, ‘a hole 
images/000002886.jpg	or 30 times on the first day! Every time he
images/000002887.jpg	e out of its cocoon would let the fluid st
images/000002888.jpg	Unfortunately, the butterfly looked no longer be
images/000002889.jpg	respect and tolerance, many things may turn out f
images/000002890.jpg	told the boy, “The nails were your bad temper
images/000002891.jpg	ghts into other cultures and keeps our min
images/000002892.jpg	ed when making some embarrassing mistakes.
images/000002893.jpg	aid, “he hasn’t been around this part of the 
images/000002894.jpg	m strength and courage. They both help children t
images/000002895.jpg	times on the first day! Every time he lost his te
images/000002896.jpg	His bad temper made him fall for angry wo
images/000002897.jpg	. In the event of a life-threatening emergen
images/000002898.jpg	en's character. As parents, they should learn to 
images/000002899.jpg	 the number of nails hammered to the fence wa
images/000002900.jpg	nd tweaked the cocoon to make larger openi
images/000002901.jpg	 too big to fit through the hole.The fox was v
images/000002902.jpg	his father and mother. He was the only s
images/000002903.jpg	e of thousands of cows to get the sufficien
images/000002904.jpg	h them open, at the same time they must k
images/000002905.jpg	ss factors may influence a person's growth. 
images/000002906.jpg	 contributes to household duties, including the c
images/000002907.jpg	air.“Santa Claus,” I explained, “brings pre
images/000002908.jpg	uter is a wonderful machine. Today it is
images/000002909.jpg	and their children and keep the lines of c
images/000002910.jpg	he problem of generation gap, people's ide
images/000002911.jpg	thers together to celebrate holidays and
images/000002912.jpg	 a journey through space aided by a galaxyful o
images/000002913.jpg	alked far when they reached a river on the roa
images/000002914.jpg	centres and could see his fellow people leading 
images/000002915.jpg	 him, myself.”“Neither have I,” Harry add
images/000002916.jpg	rst surroundings is the family in which he will
images/000002917.jpg	ger, his friends and neighbours avoided 
images/000002918.jpg	how your heart!”A Merchant and his DonkeySho
images/000002919.jpg	t any time, the butterfly might expand the win
images/000002920.jpg	onically depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a fo
images/000002921.jpg	ew nails. The fence never look the same! It
images/000002922.jpg	o the decline of cost and the fierce mark
images/000002923.jpg	the last fifteen years, has been posing as an 
images/000002924.jpg	the story of "The Right Son at the Right Time". 
images/000002925.jpg	hering around the television in the evenin
images/000002926.jpg	hina, children live with their parents even 
images/000002927.jpg	e any other beautiful butterflies! The continu
images/000002928.jpg	 reasons why generation gap comes into being
images/000002929.jpg	searcher for the revised edition of The Hitchhike
images/000002930.jpg	angry very soon and taunt others with his word
images/000002931.jpg	 that was looking for something to eat. He
images/000002932.jpg	. The merchant and his donkey were walking a
images/000002933.jpg	taking care of me, she also has to work. T
images/000002934.jpg	rtunately, even after continuous attempts for 
images/000002935.jpg	axy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan),
images/000002936.jpg	er beautiful butterflies! The continuous effo
images/000002937.jpg	ers in a Chinese family are respectively m
images/000002938.jpg	 consisting of three generations is common
images/000002939.jpg	e foolish, tricky donkey again set on its wa
images/000002940.jpg	s gathering around the television in the
images/000002941.jpg	t of the forest for many years. I guess he i
images/000002942.jpg	ng as an out-of-work actor.Together, this dynam
images/000002943.jpg	ould have some ideal qualities to succeed
images/000002944.jpg	at was never able to live a life like a bu
images/000002945.jpg	 his anger. Several days passed and the bo
images/000002946.jpg	f, “I wish that I had thought a little bef
images/000002947.jpg	e visited many pilgrim centres and could see hi
images/000002948.jpg	y would become lighter and smaller and the wings 
images/000002949.jpg	said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly
images/000002950.jpg	 that he visited many pilgrim centres and c
images/000002951.jpg	 sparrow. They continued to blow at our poo
images/000002952.jpg	r he again fell into the water. But instead of t
images/000002953.jpg	ness can remind us of the meaning of humanism. 
images/000002954.jpg	ory of a butterfly that was never able to l
images/000002955.jpg	s fellow people leading a propitious life. Ho
images/000002956.jpg	ws to get the sufficient quantity of leathe
images/000002957.jpg	re two apparent factors which affect a person's 
images/000002958.jpg	to interact with his people and accompany them
images/000002959.jpg	ll,” I said, “he hasn’t been around this 
images/000002960.jpg	 and anger were like that! Words are more pain
images/000002961.jpg	. They had not walked far when they reached a 
images/000002962.jpg	 a wonderful machine. Today it is used a gr
images/000002963.jpg	nd silent night. The weather was freezin
images/000002964.jpg	kes the world a more beautiful place to li
images/000002965.jpg	any pleasant characters. If we say that families
images/000002966.jpg	had placed the food in the tree trunk whi
images/000002967.jpg	ime they must keep in mind that different t
images/000002968.jpg	onkeys said, “I wish we could find some fire. I
images/000002969.jpg	, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the
images/000002970.jpg	c.Students should have some ideal qualities to 
images/000002971.jpg	 and seeks rational ways of solving human pro
images/000002972.jpg	ng, he felt thirsty and decided to leave
images/000002973.jpg	f our society. Humanism calls for us to pay cl
images/000002974.jpg	eys said, “I wish we could find some fire. It
images/000002975.jpg	should take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys
images/000002976.jpg	ly began to eat. After the fox had finished
images/000002977.jpg	r? Rather, you can just have a piece of leath
images/000002978.jpg	ed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a fi
images/000002979.jpg	the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen yea
images/000002980.jpg	Almost all the students need English and they 
images/000002981.jpg	 of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two
images/000002982.jpg	out of the cocoon. He was watching the butterfl
images/000002983.jpg	read English textbooks or jonrnals and attend E
images/000002984.jpg	ansform from an ugly caterpillar into a 
images/000002985.jpg	 cocoon. He was watching the butterfly struggl
images/000002986.jpg	hospitable. The family gathers together to ce
images/000002987.jpg	er one was born, the first surroundings is th
images/000002988.jpg	b to the stars!Summer holiday is coming.I a
images/000002989.jpg	gs.The man was happy that he made the bu
images/000002990.jpg	y of a butterfly that was never able to l
images/000002991.jpg	rfly would come out of the cocoon. He was watc
images/000002992.jpg	e computer has brought a lot of benefits to
images/000002993.jpg	ur minds open to better ways of seeing things. Co
images/000002994.jpg	menon? As far as I know, it involves several reas
images/000002995.jpg	mic pair began a journey through space aided by a
images/000002996.jpg	e to fly all through its life.Although the man
images/000002997.jpg	p the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors 
images/000002998.jpg	 and weird clothes. Young people either turn a
images/000002999.jpg	, not real fire”.The sparrow continued: “I t
images/000003000.jpg	 boy found it hilarious and accepted to 
images/000003001.jpg	mple of humanistic behavior. In the event 
images/000003002.jpg	I guess he is too busy visiting all the hum
images/000003003.jpg	rldLong ago, people happily lived under
images/000003004.jpg	r had placed the food in the tree trunk 
images/000003005.jpg	d like any other beautiful butterflies! T
images/000003006.jpg	ck of fireflies. One of the young monkeys though
images/000003007.jpg	fly looked no longer beautiful and had a 
images/000003008.jpg	e ministry came to the king and said that 
images/000003009.jpg	 very prosperous life with abundance of wealth
images/000003010.jpg	n a journey through space aided by a gala
images/000003011.jpg	continued to blow at our poor firefly.Afte
images/000003012.jpg	 quite eager to watch the butterfly fly with its
images/000003013.jpg	thers with his words. His bad temper made him 
images/000003014.jpg	l the students need English and they need it 
images/000003015.jpg	h the butterfly fly with its beautiful wings.
images/000003016.jpg	he made the butterfly come out of the coc
images/000003017.jpg	th the disappearance of all the ballpoint pens he
images/000003018.jpg	ts tell me that they don’t care how I do well in
images/000003019.jpg	ve a conversation with their king and they w
images/000003020.jpg	 will help us to keep warm”.Suddenly they noti
images/000003021.jpg	may turn out for the better. Humanism makes the 
images/000003022.jpg	e cloth. Parents may not be in favor of th
images/000003023.jpg	as never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “S
images/000003024.jpg	 know that a beautiful and colourful butte
images/000003025.jpg	ame flying to its nest. The monkeys were sittin
images/000003026.jpg	key again set on its way. On reaching the rive
images/000003027.jpg	t into the society and become sociable.In a word
images/000003028.jpg	cocoon. He was watching the butterfly str
images/000003029.jpg	e was nothing the merchant could do, exce
images/000003030.jpg	parrow continued: “I think all of you shoul
images/000003031.jpg	few nails that the boy could not pull out.T
images/000003032.jpg	f leather and it would cost a huge amount
images/000003033.jpg	egan to eat. After the fox had finished eati
images/000003034.jpg	 ballpoint pens he's bought over the years
images/000003035.jpg	 that a beautiful and colourful butterfly com
images/000003036.jpg	 would destroy the life of thousands of co
images/000003037.jpg	the road with leather? Rather, you can j
images/000003038.jpg	en struggling very hard for hours to come o
images/000003039.jpg	ught that there might be food in it, and
images/000003040.jpg	hem. Most of the things that young generation i
images/000003041.jpg	s coming.I am going to do many things tha
images/000003042.jpg	searcher for the revised edition of The Hitchh
images/000003043.jpg	ss factors may influence a person's growth. Th
images/000003044.jpg	you think he will come if I write to him?” Emi
images/000003045.jpg	exampie,first I will jion a soccer club,b
images/000003046.jpg	too busy visiting all the human children to have 
images/000003047.jpg	 donkey’s trick. He then returned home again but
images/000003048.jpg	 finished eating, he felt thirsty and decided 
images/000003049.jpg	t crawled around with withered wings and huge bod
images/000003050.jpg	r as it would destroy the life of thousands of co
images/000003051.jpg	came flying to its nest. The monkeys were
images/000003052.jpg	the nails every day as he had controlled h
images/000003053.jpg	ow I do well in the exam, they just want me t
images/000003054.jpg	day, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies
images/000003055.jpg	m going to do many things that I want to d
images/000003056.jpg	f us know that a beautiful and colourful butter
images/000003057.jpg	pair of leather shoes for him and requested 
images/000003058.jpg	ctivities. The more you speak, the better yo
images/000003059.jpg	ing the problem. As long as both sides keep 
images/000003060.jpg	 and his donkey were walking along togethe
images/000003061.jpg	d, brilliant, and chronically depressed ro
images/000003062.jpg	 parents even after they get married. So a hou
images/000003063.jpg	u can just have a piece of leather cut in appro
images/000003064.jpg	t pull out a few nails. The fence never look the 
images/000003065.jpg	key were walking along together. They had not w
images/000003066.jpg	much worried about the people who used to wal
images/000003067.jpg	t of benefits to us. It makes us do things more q
images/000003068.jpg	families are hospitable. The family gathers
images/000003069.jpg	e cloth. Parents may not be in favor of thei
images/000003070.jpg	 go on a travel to visit places of historical im
images/000003071.jpg	, while friends give them strength and co
images/000003072.jpg	 machine. Today it is used a great deal. There
images/000003073.jpg	tively more than in other countries' family. In
images/000003074.jpg	n to understand the world as it is, so t
images/000003075.jpg	ple spend on computers per week, ranging fr
images/000003076.jpg	rove my skills.Second I will go to my grandma'
images/000003077.jpg	 the cocoon. He was watching the butterfl
images/000003078.jpg	n,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget abou
images/000003079.jpg	for several hours. He spent almost more t
images/000003080.jpg	se it to talk to English-speakers, attend se
images/000003081.jpg	hat they don’t care how I do well in the ex
images/000003082.jpg	ealing worm! Here is the story of a butt
images/000003083.jpg	ould struggle to transform from an ugly caterpill
images/000003084.jpg	s. The fence never look the same! It has scars 
images/000003085.jpg	ading comprehension, one should get access to a l
images/000003086.jpg	 Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been ar
images/000003087.jpg	us insights into other cultures and keeps our mi
images/000003088.jpg	 to travel by foot to interact with his people an
images/000003089.jpg	k over their problems with each other actively,
images/000003090.jpg	o family does play an important role in shaping 
images/000003091.jpg	oral activities. The more you speak, the bet
images/000003092.jpg	on’t want to undergo any struggle, we won
images/000003093.jpg	 is a system of beliefs that focuses on commo
images/000003094.jpg	used to spend a lot of time around butterflie
images/000003095.jpg	t of living, friends make another important
images/000003096.jpg	n life.What has led to this phenomenon? As fa
images/000003097.jpg	t the same time they must keep in mind that dif
images/000003098.jpg	has brought a lot of benefits to us. It m
images/000003099.jpg	here forever. Your bad temper and anger were l
images/000003100.jpg	t different things appeal to different generation
images/000003101.jpg	arning is perseverance in face of hardship.
images/000003102.jpg	exam. I want to be happy all the time. But I have
images/000003103.jpg	 so that people might feel comfortable, immedi
images/000003104.jpg	o a household consisting of three generati
images/000003105.jpg	needs and seeks rational ways of solving human p
images/000003106.jpg	h sides keep their minds open to each oth
images/000003107.jpg	e up his anger and develop kindness. Unfortunate
images/000003108.jpg	orried about the people who used to walk al
images/000003109.jpg	cer.During the summer holiday, I want to practice
images/000003110.jpg	 donkey with bags of salt to go to the marke
images/000003111.jpg	e problem of generation gap, people's ide
images/000003112.jpg	over their problems with each other actively, sin
images/000003113.jpg	us is only for human children,” Fritz said t
images/000003114.jpg	three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-l
images/000003115.jpg	drink some water from a nearby spring. How
images/000003116.jpg	friendly, welcoming, and generous to visitors w
images/000003117.jpg	ching the river he again fell into the water. But
images/000003118.jpg	part in shaping children's personality. Fri
images/000003119.jpg	n our daily life, whether you admit it or
images/000003120.jpg	ren and the society, so by contacting with 
images/000003121.jpg	sident of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tric
images/000003122.jpg	ll the ballpoint pens he's bought over the year
images/000003123.jpg	introduced her.“Emily is from the South and h
images/000003124.jpg	y. No matter how hard he tried, the fox could
images/000003125.jpg	 the bags of salt loaded on his back became
images/000003126.jpg	lems with each other actively, sincerely and f
images/000003127.jpg	our winters.”It turned out Emily also didn
images/000003128.jpg	en no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did 
images/000003129.jpg	want to be happy all the time. But I have 
images/000003130.jpg	dren's character. As parents, they should le
images/000003131.jpg	sh lectures, while some students need to use
images/000003132.jpg	in a cave”. The monkeys did not listen t
images/000003133.jpg	he struggles the butterfly would have emerged 
images/000003134.jpg	 his anger. Several days passed and the 
images/000003135.jpg	ow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-head
images/000003136.jpg	 he also bring presents to animal childr
images/000003137.jpg	n them will be narrowed down in time. Both s
images/000003138.jpg	ant could do, except return home where he loa
images/000003139.jpg	s led to this phenomenon? As far as I know,
images/000003140.jpg	erfly come out of the cocoon without any mo
images/000003141.jpg	th a knife, but the wound will remain ther
images/000003142.jpg	sparrow continued: “I think all of you should 
images/000003143.jpg	 was a hungry fox that was looking for someth
images/000003144.jpg	long those roads as it would be painful for them
images/000003145.jpg	unately, neither the wings expanded or enlarged
images/000003146.jpg	 immediately thought that there might be food i
images/000003147.jpg	 how hard he tried, he could not get out of 
images/000003148.jpg	e problem of generation gap, people's ideas are n
images/000003149.jpg	Use them to embrace the relationships. Use the
images/000003150.jpg	e happy all the time. But I have put so muc
images/000003151.jpg	 playing soccer.During the summer holiday,
images/000003152.jpg	 you want to kill the holy animal cow to cove
images/000003153.jpg	 of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decl
images/000003154.jpg	their minds open to each other's outlooks o
images/000003155.jpg	ir of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make 
images/000003156.jpg	orget about the whole idea. Let’s go home now
images/000003157.jpg	e exam, I will show my paper to my parents, they
images/000003158.jpg	eal to different generations. Those who g
images/000003159.jpg	rest for many years. I guess he is too busy 
images/000003160.jpg	ialize together, with several generations g
images/000003161.jpg	im and asked him pointing to the hole, ‘Wh
images/000003162.jpg	e around butterflies. He knew how a butterf
images/000003163.jpg	tunately, the butterfly just crawled around
images/000003164.jpg	s, he returned to the palace. He was quite happy 
images/000003165.jpg	e two apparent factors which affect a person
images/000003166.jpg	pearance of all the ballpoint pens he's 
images/000003167.jpg	d has never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “
images/000003168.jpg	en into account. These different ideas distur
images/000003169.jpg	 of salt on its back again.The merchant quickly 
images/000003170.jpg	ta Claus,” I explained, “brings presents and
images/000003171.jpg	earning is perseverance in face of hardship
images/000003172.jpg	om Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail party
images/000003173.jpg	armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch 
images/000003174.jpg	watch how the butterfly would come out of 
images/000003175.jpg	n a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based ad
images/000003176.jpg	 struggles the butterfly would have emerged like 
images/000003177.jpg	ve different opinions on the reasons why gene
images/000003178.jpg	ends give them strength and courage. They both h
images/000003179.jpg	rink some water from a nearby spring. Howev
images/000003180.jpg	d requested the countrymen to wear shoes. 
images/000003181.jpg	sed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate s
images/000003182.jpg	ed, “brings presents and toys to human childre
images/000003183.jpg	them will be narrowed down in time. Both sides sh
images/000003184.jpg	e he loaded his donkey with more bags of sa
images/000003185.jpg	gry and to lose his temper. The little boy fo
images/000003186.jpg	is fellow people leading a propitious li
images/000003187.jpg	t different things appeal to different gene
images/000003188.jpg	eather and it would cost a huge amount of mon
images/000003189.jpg	 the butterfly and he was quite eager to w
images/000003190.jpg	rs.Where are these pens? Why are we born
images/000003191.jpg	m. The merchant and his donkey were walking al
images/000003192.jpg	 a word, families offer children warmth, care a
images/000003193.jpg	temper!Now, his father told him to remove
images/000003194.jpg	 nails from the fence. However, there remain
images/000003195.jpg	es, while some students need to use it to
images/000003196.jpg	uman problems.There are many examples t
images/000003197.jpg	attention to our fellows. Occasional example
images/000003198.jpg	ember of the family contributes to household du
images/000003199.jpg	st surroundings is the family in which he 
images/000003200.jpg	 a small village, a little boy lived with 
images/000003201.jpg	widely applied in almost every field of our
images/000003202.jpg	number climbs more than ten times up, indi
images/000003203.jpg	t different things appeal to different ge
images/000003204.jpg	to improve my skills.Second I will go to my g
images/000003205.jpg	ldren warmth, care and shelter, while frien
images/000003206.jpg	hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his t
images/000003207.jpg	 for angry words. He scolded kids, neighbou
images/000003208.jpg	 comfortable and were very stony. He could not 
images/000003209.jpg	ds due to anger. He invited all worries fo
images/000003210.jpg	hose roads as it would be painful for them to
images/000003211.jpg	The members in a Chinese family are respectivel
images/000003212.jpg	ld is difficult for one who sets his mind on it
images/000003213.jpg	riends make another important part in shap
images/000003214.jpg	fter several weeks, he returned to the palace. H
images/000003215.jpg	thes. Young people either turn a deaf ear
images/000003216.jpg	f nails. He asked his son to hammer one nail 
images/000003217.jpg	uccessful English LearnerAlmost all the
images/000003218.jpg	ly, the number of nails hammered to the fen
images/000003219.jpg	the example of humanistic behavior. In the event 
images/000003220.jpg	in all oral activities. The more you spe
images/000003221.jpg	han ten times up, indicating computers are
images/000003222.jpg	he king thought that he had to change this fo
images/000003223.jpg	puters per week, ranging from about 1.5 hour
images/000003224.jpg	oung generation is keen on are disgusting to 
images/000003225.jpg	the students need English and they need it fo
images/000003226.jpg	nd to have many pleasant characters. If we s
images/000003227.jpg	eaching the river he again fell into the
images/000003228.jpg	need to use it to talk to English-speakers, atte
images/000003229.jpg	tudents need it to read English textbooks 
images/000003230.jpg	s character. As parents, they should learn t
images/000003231.jpg	nce of HumanismHumanism is a system of 
images/000003232.jpg	weren’t comfortable and were very stony. He 
images/000003233.jpg	me angry and to lose his temper. The little boy
images/000003234.jpg	onds before Earth is demolished to make way for a
images/000003235.jpg	e families are hospitable. The family gathers
images/000003236.jpg	e complained to his ministers that the roads w
images/000003237.jpg	 eat. He was very hungry. No matter how hard 
images/000003238.jpg	ld of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decli
images/000003239.jpg	 he is too busy visiting all the human childre
images/000003240.jpg	fly come out of the cocoon without any more st
images/000003241.jpg	 Today it is used a great deal. There is 
images/000003242.jpg	mething to eat. He was very hungry. No ma
images/000003243.jpg	into being. Some think that maybe the old
images/000003244.jpg	ls every day as he had controlled his an
images/000003245.jpg	ogether, this dynamic pair began a journey t
images/000003246.jpg	very hard for hours to come out through the 
images/000003247.jpg	places of historical importance and pilgrim
images/000003248.jpg	 life-threatening emergency, humanism can 
images/000003249.jpg	ing comprehension, one should get access to a lo
images/000003250.jpg	pen to better ways of seeing things. Compute
images/000003251.jpg	ucceed in English learning. It requires much t
images/000003252.jpg	en to better ways of seeing things. Computers
images/000003253.jpg	es in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a fe
images/000003254.jpg	he road of the whole country with leathe
images/000003255.jpg	rn to understand their children and keep the lin
images/000003256.jpg	refly. He put it under a dry leaf and starte
images/000003257.jpg	ver seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “S
images/000003258.jpg	er, he ran to the fence and hammered a nail.
images/000003259.jpg	I don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve neve
images/000003260.jpg	were the example of humanistic behavior. In t
images/000003261.jpg	n anger, his friends and neighbours avoided him
images/000003262.jpg	tempts failed. Finally, the boy’s father cam
images/000003263.jpg	heir parents even after they get married. 
images/000003264.jpg	 had a passion and love for butterflies 
images/000003265.jpg	he spirit of humanism is apparent in the story
images/000003266.jpg	se different ideas disturb both of them. Most 
images/000003267.jpg	 play an important role in shaping childre
images/000003268.jpg	anger. Several days passed and the boy wa
images/000003269.jpg	des should talk over their problems with 
images/000003270.jpg	out the whole idea. Let’s go home now before you
images/000003271.jpg	 it for different purposes. Some students need it
images/000003272.jpg	ion gap comes into being. Some think that
images/000003273.jpg	e fierce market competition, the price has 
images/000003274.jpg	shrink the body and the wings could support th
images/000003275.jpg	ls for us to pay closer attention to our fello
images/000003276.jpg	ver again so that many people can afford their o
images/000003277.jpg	o, people happily lived under the rule of a ki
images/000003278.jpg	 weren’t comfortable and were very stony. He c
images/000003279.jpg	ue to anger. He invited all worries for his paren
images/000003280.jpg	n, one should get access to a lot of reading 
images/000003281.jpg	ess. It seemed that the butterfly tried its best 
images/000003282.jpg	ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch presi
images/000003283.jpg	s.After one was born, the first surroundin
images/000003284.jpg	en times up, indicating computers are playing 
images/000003285.jpg	to leave the trunk and drink some water from a ne
images/000003286.jpg	ght a little before jumping into the hole.”
images/000003287.jpg	people happily lived under the rule of a king. Th
images/000003288.jpg	s speaking English better than you. Partic
images/000003289.jpg	much time, commitment and discipline to learn En
images/000003290.jpg	le have different opinions on the reasons why
images/000003291.jpg	rrow continued: “I think all of you shou
images/000003292.jpg	n snow before,” Fritz told us. “She does
images/000003293.jpg	s reduced to half. The little boy found it very 
images/000003294.jpg	le's ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Par
images/000003295.jpg	 at distant places. He decided to travel by foot 
images/000003296.jpg	o the river and wasted all the bags of salt 
images/000003297.jpg	ays to give up his anger and develop kindn
images/000003298.jpg	ld be beautiful and large.If we don’t want to 
images/000003299.jpg	r and mother. He was the only son for them. The 
images/000003300.jpg	tead of the load becoming lighter, it became he
images/000003301.jpg	 the butterfly to come out of its cocoon
images/000003302.jpg	rage. They both help children to understand the w
images/000003303.jpg	 them. People of distant places were so hap
images/000003304.jpg	he world, the gap between them will be narrow
images/000003305.jpg	s her very much.I want to stay with her for sever
images/000003306.jpg	ail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his 
images/000003307.jpg	t he became too big to fit through the h
images/000003308.jpg	lked far when they reached a river on the
images/000003309.jpg	ed to this phenomenon? As far as I know, i
images/000003310.jpg	s ministers that the roads weren’t comfort
images/000003311.jpg	w that a beautiful and colourful butterfly com
images/000003312.jpg	 demonstrate humanism. The spirit of humani
images/000003313.jpg	actic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off t
images/000003314.jpg	that at any time, the butterfly might expand
images/000003315.jpg	o celebrate holidays and entertain friend
images/000003316.jpg	eir parents even after they get married. So a h
images/000003317.jpg	 hammer the nails and decided to control
images/000003318.jpg	ed that the butterfly tried its best and coul
images/000003319.jpg	n are disgusting to them.Both generatio
images/000003320.jpg	s insights into other cultures and keeps ou
images/000003321.jpg	s donkey with more bags of salt. As they reac
images/000003322.jpg	y fox immediately thought that there might
images/000003323.jpg	e price has been marked down over and over 
images/000003324.jpg	will jion a soccer club,because I like pl
images/000003325.jpg	an to the fence and hammered a nail. In 
images/000003326.jpg	 are two apparent factors which affect a person'
images/000003327.jpg	 the boy was able to pull out most of the 
images/000003328.jpg	nd others speaking English better than you. Part
images/000003329.jpg	Santa Claus is only for human children,”
images/000003330.jpg	on a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brillia
images/000003331.jpg	sessed with the disappearance of all the ballpo
images/000003332.jpg	the package, he saw there were a lot of food,
images/000003333.jpg	rees in the forest. He was going to eat it 
images/000003334.jpg	th each other actively, sincerely and fr
images/000003335.jpg	erchant and his donkey were walking alon
images/000003336.jpg	to account. These different ideas disturb both
images/000003337.jpg	ays before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Mon
images/000003338.jpg	ns? Why are we born? Why do we die? For 
images/000003339.jpg	rn out for the better. Humanism makes the world
images/000003340.jpg	ople might feel comfortable, immediately.
images/000003341.jpg	his bad temper. The boy used to get angry very 
images/000003342.jpg	r holiday, I want to practice more to improve 
images/000003343.jpg	sing of the society, computers are now widely app
images/000003344.jpg	 young man's actions were the example of human
images/000003345.jpg	n children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget
images/000003346.jpg	t access to a lot of reading materials, which
images/000003347.jpg	 swollen body with small and withered wings.The
images/000003348.jpg	severance in face of hardship. Don't be int
images/000003349.jpg	ome other monkeys also joined in his effort
images/000003350.jpg	et the sufficient quantity of leather and it 
images/000003351.jpg	 the problem of generation gap, people's id
images/000003352.jpg	er very much.I want to stay with her for sever
images/000003353.jpg	 we don’t want to undergo any struggle, we won’t 
images/000003354.jpg	o well in the exam, they just want me to be 
images/000003355.jpg	to talk to English-speakers, attend seminars
images/000003356.jpg	e donkey slipped and fell into the river
images/000003357.jpg	eliefs that focuses on common human needs and
images/000003358.jpg	ags of salt loaded on his back became lighter.
images/000003359.jpg	 to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it 
images/000003360.jpg	d to change this for the betterment and happi
images/000003361.jpg	e knew how a butterfly would struggle to trans
images/000003362.jpg	e eager to watch the butterfly fly with its b
images/000003363.jpg	grim centres at distant places. He decided t
images/000003364.jpg	ather, you can just have a piece of leather cu
images/000003365.jpg	 day, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies an
images/000003366.jpg	erately, the donkey fell into the river and was
images/000003367.jpg	s - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said,
images/000003368.jpg	 half. The little boy found it very diffic
images/000003369.jpg	d blowing at it.Some other monkeys also joined 
images/000003370.jpg	erfly and he was quite eager to watch the bu
images/000003371.jpg	nation of colours. In fact, he used to spend a lo
images/000003372.jpg	 cold and silent night. The weather was 
images/000003373.jpg	ies, including the children. Chinese families 
images/000003374.jpg	d not hammer any nail and he did not lose h
images/000003375.jpg	r you admit it or not. When it comes to t
images/000003376.jpg	 under a dry leaf and started blowing at i
images/000003377.jpg	is back became lighter.There was nothing
images/000003378.jpg	utterfly that was never able to live a li
images/000003379.jpg	seeks rational ways of solving human problems.T
images/000003380.jpg	ecome lighter and smaller and the wings w
images/000003381.jpg	t for one who sets his mind on it.Views on Ge
images/000003382.jpg	 and over again so that many people can afford 
images/000003383.jpg	oud of.People have different opinions on th
images/000003384.jpg	little boy were very depressed due to hi
images/000003385.jpg	with their king and they were proud that thei
images/000003386.jpg	ut of the cocoon without any more struggles. 
images/000003387.jpg	 life of thousands of cows to get the sufficie
images/000003388.jpg	told, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy animal c
images/000003389.jpg	s he walked all the way through the roug
images/000003390.jpg	nisters that the roads weren’t comfortable and w
images/000003391.jpg	 He loved butterflies and had a craze for i
images/000003392.jpg	 thousands of cows to get the sufficient quantit
images/000003393.jpg	know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much 
images/000003394.jpg	 guess he is too busy visiting all the human 
images/000003395.jpg	ntinued to watch the butterfly and he wa
images/000003396.jpg	ons on the reasons why generation gap comes into 
images/000003397.jpg	because I miss her very much.I want to st
images/000003398.jpg	nce every time he became angry and to lose his 
images/000003399.jpg	with good intention, only going through th
images/000003400.jpg	 at the Right Time". The soldier extende
images/000003401.jpg	 road with leather? Rather, you can just have a p
images/000003402.jpg	xam, I will show my paper to my parents, the
images/000003403.jpg	istmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she aske
images/000003404.jpg	 I will help my mother do some housework. She
images/000003405.jpg	 soccer.During the summer holiday, I want 
images/000003406.jpg	uate student obsessed with the disappearance
images/000003407.jpg	 cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly h
images/000003408.jpg	planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a res
images/000003409.jpg	y as they had a very prosperous life with ab
images/000003410.jpg	ommunications with them open, at the same
images/000003411.jpg	nals and attend English lectures, while some st
images/000003412.jpg	 many examples that demonstrate humanism. The sp
images/000003413.jpg	ble to pull out most of the nails from the fence.
images/000003414.jpg	s need it to read English textbooks or jon
images/000003415.jpg	have much time left for animals.”“Do you thin
images/000003416.jpg	 slipped and fell into the river and noti
images/000003417.jpg	d about the people who used to walk alon
images/000003418.jpg	or several hours, there was no progress. It 
images/000003419.jpg	 to undergo any struggle, we won’t be able 
images/000003420.jpg	urs and even his friends due to anger. H
images/000003421.jpg	t what the elders have been proud of.Peo
images/000003422.jpg	heir voices are not taken into account. These
images/000003423.jpg	archer for the revised edition of The Hitchhiker'
images/000003424.jpg	hours, there was no progress. It seemed tha
images/000003425.jpg	as brought a lot of benefits to us. It makes us
images/000003426.jpg	ly, all their attempts failed. Finally, the 
images/000003427.jpg	How to Be a Successful English LearnerAlmost al
images/000003428.jpg	e told the boy, “The nails were your bad te
images/000003429.jpg	elp the butterfly. He got a pair of scisso
images/000003430.jpg	eal to different generations. Those who grow up
images/000003431.jpg	He knew how a butterfly would struggle to tra
images/000003432.jpg	 the problem of generation gap, people's ide
images/000003433.jpg	 not cut from the same cloth. Parents may
images/000003434.jpg	days passed and the boy was able to pull out
images/000003435.jpg	hey get married. So a household consisting of 
images/000003436.jpg	d, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cockt
images/000003437.jpg	 of us know that a beautiful and colourf
images/000003438.jpg	s from an unappealing worm! Here is the story o
images/000003439.jpg	w there were a lot of food, bread, meat and fr
images/000003440.jpg	ns gathering around the television in the evenin
images/000003441.jpg	rest and searched there for food. Suddenly h
images/000003442.jpg	sing of the society, computers are now w
images/000003443.jpg	e king asked - what was his alternative idea.
images/000003444.jpg	 first surroundings is the family in which h
images/000003445.jpg	e emerged like any other beautiful butterflies!
images/000003446.jpg	ree the firefly and moved to a nearby cave.
images/000003447.jpg	evelop kindness. Unfortunately, all their at
images/000003448.jpg	ent and happiness of the people.His mini
images/000003449.jpg	generation gap comes into being. Some think th
images/000003450.jpg	c2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around th
images/000003451.jpg	asted all the bags of salt on its back aga
images/000003452.jpg	is mother and father consoled him in many w
images/000003453.jpg	en’t comfortable and were very stony. He could n
images/000003454.jpg	s insights into other cultures and keeps our
images/000003455.jpg	 mother and father consoled him in many wa
images/000003456.jpg	ism can be as important as actual medical tr
images/000003457.jpg	lished to make way for a galactic freeway, 
images/000003458.jpg	under the rule of a king. The people of 
images/000003459.jpg	ildren's hairstyle and weird clothes. Yo
images/000003460.jpg	er in the holidays.What will you do on Summe
images/000003461.jpg	the example of humanistic behavior. In the ev
images/000003462.jpg	to kill the holy animal cow to cover the road
images/000003463.jpg	ger, his friends and neighbours avoided 
images/000003464.jpg	 happy that he made the butterfly come ou
images/000003465.jpg	lving the problem. As long as both sides 
images/000003466.jpg	the boy could not pull out.The boy told his 
images/000003467.jpg	ies and had a craze for its wonderful combination
images/000003468.jpg	been proud of.People have different opinion
images/000003469.jpg	emove the nails every day as he had controlled hi
images/000003470.jpg	re was nothing the merchant could do, exc
images/000003471.jpg	o make its way to enjoy its world. He dec
images/000003472.jpg	the hours that people spend on computers per wee
images/000003473.jpg	ition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who
images/000003474.jpg	ng.I am going to do many things that I want
images/000003475.jpg	 read English textbooks or jonrnals and attend 
images/000003476.jpg	, all their attempts failed. Finally, the b
images/000003477.jpg	 fence!’He told the boy, “The nails were you
images/000003478.jpg	er they get married. So a household consi
images/000003479.jpg	ve any more try.The man, who had a pass
images/000003480.jpg	cept anything new. Their voices are not ta
images/000003481.jpg	hristmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn
images/000003482.jpg	s of human goodness can remind us of the meanin
images/000003483.jpg	a. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill th
images/000003484.jpg	t, a researcher for the revised edition of The
images/000003485.jpg	ral weeks, he returned to the palace. He
images/000003486.jpg	xists in our daily life, whether you adm
images/000003487.jpg	n friends and relatives without previous 
images/000003488.jpg	 were very happy as they had a very prosperous 
images/000003489.jpg	ively, sincerely and frankly.Who Influences You
images/000003490.jpg	n a small village, a little boy lived with
images/000003491.jpg	ather cut in appropriate shape to cover your 
images/000003492.jpg	It requires much time, commitment and discipline
images/000003493.jpg	people who used to walk along those roads
images/000003494.jpg	y Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom
images/000003495.jpg	axyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox,
images/000003496.jpg	different purposes. Some students need it to re
images/000003497.jpg	tial quality for successful English lear
images/000003498.jpg	branches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish 
images/000003499.jpg	cluding the children. Chinese families tend to
images/000003500.jpg	oral activities. The more you speak, the b
images/000003501.jpg	red! Yet, the boy did not lose his temper.
images/000003502.jpg	y foot to interact with his people and accompa
images/000003503.jpg	 anger. Several days passed and the boy was ab
images/000003504.jpg	 the civilized world humanism plays an importan
images/000003505.jpg	ttempts for several hours, there was no p
images/000003506.jpg	dynamic pair began a journey through spac
images/000003507.jpg	nt that the butterfly was trying to make its
images/000003508.jpg	urned to the palace. He was quite happy th
images/000003509.jpg	o, except return home where he loaded his donkey
images/000003510.jpg	hat they were doing. The sparrow laughed. Sh
images/000003511.jpg	cided to go on a travel to visit places of histor
images/000003512.jpg	er to my parents, they are so happy to see me do
images/000003513.jpg	 hand to the old man in time of need. The young m
images/000003514.jpg	at. He was very hungry. No matter how har
images/000003515.jpg	es - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “
images/000003516.jpg	e donkey slipped and fell into the river a
images/000003517.jpg	ent to the edge of the forest and searched 
images/000003518.jpg	rtunately, even after continuous attempts for se
images/000003519.jpg	 will remain there forever. Your bad temper and
images/000003520.jpg	y just crawled around with withered wings and h
images/000003521.jpg	ings more quickly. Further more, it gives 
images/000003522.jpg	ately, the donkey fell into the river and was
images/000003523.jpg	one should get access to a lot of reading 
images/000003524.jpg	glish textbooks or jonrnals and attend Eng
images/000003525.jpg	presents to animal children?” Emily asked.
images/000003526.jpg	s. He decided to travel by foot to interact with 
images/000003527.jpg	 and keeps our minds open to better ways of se
images/000003528.jpg	per made him fall for angry words. He scold
images/000003529.jpg	re were a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit
images/000003530.jpg	 the donkey’s trick. He then returned home a
images/000003531.jpg	rry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy building a
images/000003532.jpg	key again set on its way. On reaching the rive
images/000003533.jpg	l ways of solving human problems.There are man
images/000003534.jpg	bags of salt to go to the market in order t
images/000003535.jpg	the fence was reduced and the day arrived when
images/000003536.jpg	alace. He was quite happy that he visited many pi
images/000003537.jpg	n the reasons why generation gap comes into 
images/000003538.jpg	 them to embrace the relationships. Use the
images/000003539.jpg	Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around this par
images/000003540.jpg	come out through the tiny opening. Unfortunatel
images/000003541.jpg	 to different generations. Those who grow u
images/000003542.jpg	o kill the holy animal cow to cover the road wi
images/000003543.jpg	ies are hospitable. The family gathers to
images/000003544.jpg	 the decline of cost and the fierce market
images/000003545.jpg	 In China, children live with their parent
images/000003546.jpg	ome out of its cocoon would let the fluid 
images/000003547.jpg	w a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had a 
images/000003548.jpg	ts and toys to human children at Christm
images/000003549.jpg	ys.Last I will help my mother do some hous
images/000003550.jpg	n reaching the river he again fell into the 
images/000003551.jpg	 open to each other's outlooks on the world, th
images/000003552.jpg	mediately thought that there might be food 
images/000003553.jpg	hey just want me to be happy. I know I sh
images/000003554.jpg	ren and the society, so by contacting with fri
images/000003555.jpg	sion and love for butterflies decided to help t
images/000003556.jpg	he fence for 30 times on the first day! Every 
images/000003557.jpg	mbination of colours. In fact, he used to spe
images/000003558.jpg	ow my paper to my parents, they are so happ
images/000003559.jpg	le for solving the problem. As long as both 
images/000003560.jpg	was born, the first surroundings is the fa
images/000003561.jpg	ng, he felt thirsty and decided to leave t
images/000003562.jpg	will go to my grandma's house,because I mi
images/000003563.jpg	 again set on its way. On reaching the river he
images/000003564.jpg	des keep their minds open to each other's outl
images/000003565.jpg	eek, ranging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 ho
images/000003566.jpg	rge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed wh
images/000003567.jpg	 in English learning. It requires much t
images/000003568.jpg	s up, indicating computers are playing a mo
images/000003569.jpg	English well. In order to improve the ab
images/000003570.jpg	pend a lot of time around butterflies. He knew 
images/000003571.jpg	 is the story of a butterfly that was never 
images/000003572.jpg	father came up with an idea.One day, his father 
images/000003573.jpg	will show my paper to my parents, they are
images/000003574.jpg	shell for several hours. He spent almost mor
images/000003575.jpg	et as it was his first trip by foot to lo
images/000003576.jpg	al treatment.In the civilized world humanism pla
images/000003577.jpg	advice or set themselves against what th
images/000003578.jpg	us, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the cold
images/000003579.jpg	ouse,because I miss her very much.I want
images/000003580.jpg	able pain in his feet as it was his first trip
images/000003581.jpg	set on its way. On reaching the river he a
images/000003582.jpg	ached the slippery riverbank, now deliberatel
images/000003583.jpg	s and relatives without previous invitatio
images/000003584.jpg	 to make its way to enjoy its world. He decided 
images/000003585.jpg	ivities. The more you speak, the better your spok
images/000003586.jpg	The fence never look the same! It has scars all
images/000003587.jpg	d they need it for different purposes. So
images/000003588.jpg	scipline to learn English well. In order to i
images/000003589.jpg	rd clothes. Young people either turn a deaf ear t
images/000003590.jpg	ity for successful English learning is perseve
images/000003591.jpg	nto the river and noticed that the bags of salt 
images/000003592.jpg	fly emerged without any struggle!Unfortu
images/000003593.jpg	lace. He was quite happy that he visited many pil
images/000003594.jpg	ether you admit it or not. When it comes to th
images/000003595.jpg	Short Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” 
images/000003596.jpg	ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Parent
images/000003597.jpg	king thought that he had to change this 
images/000003598.jpg	emerged like any other beautiful butterflies! The
images/000003599.jpg	es offer the environment of living, friends m
images/000003600.jpg	d the wings, shrink the body and the wings could
images/000003601.jpg	order to cover the road of the whole countr
images/000003602.jpg	f we treat our fellows with respect and tolerance
images/000003603.jpg	for different purposes. Some students need it 
images/000003604.jpg	there might be food in it, and he became v
images/000003605.jpg	Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the 
images/000003606.jpg	f them. Most of the things that young ge
images/000003607.jpg	tunately, the donkey slipped and fell int
images/000003608.jpg	ing. A group of monkeys were on a tree. The
images/000003609.jpg	as a package. The hungry fox immediately thou
images/000003610.jpg	one should get access to a lot of reading
images/000003611.jpg	his fellow people leading a propitious life. 
images/000003612.jpg	mered a nail. In the next few days, the number 
images/000003613.jpg	ow before you catch a cold.”Change Yourself an
images/000003614.jpg	they need it for different purposes. Som
images/000003615.jpg	elp children to understand the world as i
images/000003616.jpg	The Hungry Fox who got Caught in the Tree 
images/000003617.jpg	ncrease of the hours that people spend on compute
images/000003618.jpg	 minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill t
images/000003619.jpg	ct, a researcher for the revised edition
images/000003620.jpg	re forever. Your bad temper and anger were li
images/000003621.jpg	than in other countries' family. In China, chi
images/000003622.jpg	tree trunk while he cut down trees in the 
images/000003623.jpg	opening. It meant that the butterfly was tryin
images/000003624.jpg	to fit through the hole.The fox was very sad 
images/000003625.jpg	 was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his
images/000003626.jpg	alize together, with several generations gatheri
images/000003627.jpg	. There are two apparent factors which affect a
images/000003628.jpg	hinaThe members in a Chinese family are
images/000003629.jpg	on and taunt others with his words. His bad t
images/000003630.jpg	id to Emily. “So forget about the whole i
images/000003631.jpg	y pleasant characters. If we say that fa
images/000003632.jpg	red for a pair of leather shoes for him and reque
images/000003633.jpg	tice more to improve my skills.Second I wi
images/000003634.jpg	e food in the tree trunk while he cut do
images/000003635.jpg	sy visiting all the human children to have 
images/000003636.jpg	gs of salt to go to the market in order to sell 
images/000003637.jpg	cept for taking care of me, she also has to wo
images/000003638.jpg	very tired. Now they realized what the sparrow ha
images/000003639.jpg	d searched there for food. Suddenly he cau
images/000003640.jpg	rtant role in modern life.What has led to this 
images/000003641.jpg	, while some students need to use it to ta
images/000003642.jpg	nd their children and keep the lines of communica
images/000003643.jpg	children's character. As parents, they should le
images/000003644.jpg	with an idea.One day, his father gave him a h
images/000003645.jpg	 household duties, including the children. Chin
images/000003646.jpg	ortant role in the maintenance of our society. Hu
images/000003647.jpg	ay! Every time he lost his temper, he ran to t
images/000003648.jpg	t to kill the holy animal cow to cover the
images/000003649.jpg	at the same time they must keep in mind that
images/000003650.jpg	. His bad temper made him fall for angry word
images/000003651.jpg	friends. The household is always friendly, wel
images/000003652.jpg	oo big to fit through the hole.The fox was
images/000003653.jpg	most every field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks
images/000003654.jpg	ant role in the maintenance of our society. Huma
images/000003655.jpg	tinuous attempts for several hours, there was n
images/000003656.jpg	t to help her in the holidays.What will yo
images/000003657.jpg	 us do things more quickly. Further more, it g
images/000003658.jpg	may influence a person's growth. There are t
images/000003659.jpg	r? Rather, you can just have a piece of 
images/000003660.jpg	trolled his anger. Several days passed a
images/000003661.jpg	very happy. He jumped into the hole and when 
images/000003662.jpg	 world. He decided to sit over and watch how
images/000003663.jpg	s of the people.His ministers were stunned to
images/000003664.jpg	uties, including the children. Chinese fa
images/000003665.jpg	t and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a m
images/000003666.jpg	timidated even though you find others speakin
images/000003667.jpg	his father told him to remove the nails every day
images/000003668.jpg	number of nails hammered to the fence was redu
images/000003669.jpg	 day! Every time he lost his temper, he ran to 
images/000003670.jpg	ers with his words. His bad temper made him 
images/000003671.jpg	One day, my parents tell me that they don
images/000003672.jpg	s factors may influence a person's growth. The
images/000003673.jpg	y much.I want to stay with her for several days.L
images/000003674.jpg	ppy that he made the butterfly come out of the co
images/000003675.jpg	ame.  The father appreciated him and asked hi
images/000003676.jpg	 down trees in the forest. He was going to eat i
images/000003677.jpg	ding a propitious life. However, he had 
images/000003678.jpg	e holidays.What will you do on Summer Holiday
images/000003679.jpg	t surroundings is the family in which he will gro
images/000003680.jpg	s trick. He then returned home again but re-
images/000003681.jpg	rim centres at distant places. He decided t
images/000003682.jpg	ing through the struggles the butterfly 
images/000003683.jpg	f leather and it would cost a huge amoun
images/000003684.jpg	the problem of generation gap, people's id
images/000003685.jpg	roblems with each other actively, sincerely and 
images/000003686.jpg	ood. Use them to embrace the relationshi
images/000003687.jpg	ags of salt to go to the market in order to sel
images/000003688.jpg	 the tree trunk while he cut down trees in 
images/000003689.jpg	n other countries' family. In China, child
images/000003690.jpg	king care of me, she also has to work. Th
images/000003691.jpg	 the fox had finished eating, he felt thi
images/000003692.jpg	 hammer any nail and he did not lose his
images/000003693.jpg	nded a helping hand to the old man in time of ne
images/000003694.jpg	ministers that the roads weren’t comfortable a
images/000003695.jpg	 computer is a wonderful machine. Today it is u
images/000003696.jpg	ow had said was correct.They set free the fire
images/000003697.jpg	 butterfly tried its best and could not gi
images/000003698.jpg	e forgot what he spoke in anger, his frien
images/000003699.jpg	ppy that he visited many pilgrim centres and coul
images/000003700.jpg	se his temper. The little boy found it hilario
images/000003701.jpg	amily contributes to household duties, including
images/000003702.jpg	 “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not rea
images/000003703.jpg	ents, they are so happy to see me do well in the
images/000003704.jpg	rning. It requires much time, commitment and
images/000003705.jpg	x could not find food. Finally he went to the e
images/000003706.jpg	nkeys became very tired. Now they realized what 
images/000003707.jpg	nd enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrass
images/000003708.jpg	in it.Inside the hole was a package. The h
images/000003709.jpg	ind others speaking English better than you
images/000003710.jpg	nuous effort from the butterfly to come out of i
images/000003711.jpg	f the cocoon. He was watching the butterfly
images/000003712.jpg	nger distance. He complained to his mini
images/000003713.jpg	ly they noticed a flock of fireflies. One of 
images/000003714.jpg	t pull out.The boy told his father about the sam
images/000003715.jpg	e! Use words for good. Use them to embrace th
images/000003716.jpg	r countries' family. In China, children live with
images/000003717.jpg	“I don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen
images/000003718.jpg	he fence and hammered a nail. In the next 
images/000003719.jpg	 for the better. Humanism makes the worl
images/000003720.jpg	 them. Most of the things that young generation 
images/000003721.jpg	 is perseverance in face of hardship. Don't be i
images/000003722.jpg	 over! You can stab a man with a knife, but the
images/000003723.jpg	t return home where he loaded his donkey 
images/000003724.jpg	out of the cocoon without any more struggl
images/000003725.jpg	in it, and he became very happy. He jumped i
images/000003726.jpg	d as it is, so they are the dearest parts in
images/000003727.jpg	row continued: “I think all of you should tak
images/000003728.jpg	 to better ways of seeing things. Comput
images/000003729.jpg	y of us know that a beautiful and colourfu
images/000003730.jpg	s I know, it involves several reasons. With 
images/000003731.jpg	d far when they reached a river on the roa
images/000003732.jpg	ether, this dynamic pair began a journey
images/000003733.jpg	terfly comes from an unappealing worm! Here 
images/000003734.jpg	iefs that focuses on common human needs and see
images/000003735.jpg	y a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod 
images/000003736.jpg	 it with good intention, only going thro
images/000003737.jpg	old is always friendly, welcoming, and generou
images/000003738.jpg	 not find food. Finally he went to the edge of th
images/000003739.jpg	iefs that focuses on common human needs and se
images/000003740.jpg	 a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit in 
images/000003741.jpg	 The boy used to get angry very soon and taunt o
images/000003742.jpg	 and noticed that the bags of salt loaded on 
images/000003743.jpg	th withered wings and huge body. It was never abl
images/000003744.jpg	 the bags of salt loaded on his back beca
images/000003745.jpg	nother important part in shaping children
images/000003746.jpg	y them. People of distant places were so
images/000003747.jpg	due to his bad temper. The boy used to get angry
images/000003748.jpg	and taunt others with his words. His bad temper 
images/000003749.jpg	ver, there remained a few nails that the b
images/000003750.jpg	es offer children warmth, care and shelter, while
images/000003751.jpg	of hardship. Don't be intimidated even thou
images/000003752.jpg	ces are not taken into account. These diff
images/000003753.jpg	 he felt thirsty and decided to leave the tr
images/000003754.jpg	th several generations gathering around the tel
images/000003755.jpg	rom the fence. However, there remained a fe
images/000003756.jpg	ant me to be happy. I know I should relax 
images/000003757.jpg	was his first trip by foot to longer distance.
images/000003758.jpg	d himself, “I wish that I had thought a littl
images/000003759.jpg	make larger opening for the butterfly and re
images/000003760.jpg	r.During the summer holiday, I want to practi
images/000003761.jpg	e then returned home again but re-loaded his donk
images/000003762.jpg	m in many ways to give up his anger and develop k
images/000003763.jpg	ars. I guess he is too busy visiting all the huma
images/000003764.jpg	 the butterfly. The butterfly had been s
images/000003765.jpg	n's personality. Friends are the connections
images/000003766.jpg	 be responsible for solving the problem.
images/000003767.jpg	 to us. It makes us do things more quickly.
images/000003768.jpg	he food in the tree trunk while he cut do
images/000003769.jpg	ays before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and
images/000003770.jpg	fly would come out of the cocoon. He was wa
images/000003771.jpg	utterfly would struggle to transform fro
images/000003772.jpg	 English and they need it for different pu
images/000003773.jpg	 to improve my skills.Second I will go to my 
images/000003774.jpg	 them. People of distant places were so 
images/000003775.jpg	me that they don’t care how I do well in the ex
images/000003776.jpg	hile some students need to use it to talk 
images/000003777.jpg	d when I was go to school. Except for taking
images/000003778.jpg	riends. The household is always friendly
images/000003779.jpg	s hammered on the fence was reduced to hal
images/000003780.jpg	ded a helping hand to the old man in time of 
images/000003781.jpg	ll the holy animal cow to cover the road 
images/000003782.jpg	or several hours, there was no progress. It see
images/000003783.jpg	on without any more struggles. He continued to w
images/000003784.jpg	t requires much time, commitment and discipline 
images/000003785.jpg	e country with leather so that people migh
images/000003786.jpg	d his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a merch
images/000003787.jpg	liday, I want to practice more to improve my ski
images/000003788.jpg	e first surroundings is the family in which he 
images/000003789.jpg	n a tree. They were clinging to its branc
images/000003790.jpg	than you. Participate in all oral activitie
images/000003791.jpg	want to kill the holy animal cow to cover the ro
images/000003792.jpg	Those who grow up in happy families tend to 
images/000003793.jpg	ng. The people of the kingdom were very happy
images/000003794.jpg	 of wealth and no misfortunes.The king de
images/000003795.jpg	tance. He complained to his ministers that t
images/000003796.jpg	rfly looked no longer beautiful and had a 
images/000003797.jpg	places of historical importance and pilgrim centr
images/000003798.jpg	), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pi
images/000003799.jpg	his feet as it was his first trip by foo
images/000003800.jpg	t and fruit in it!An old woodcutter had placed t
images/000003801.jpg	 the cocoon to make larger opening for the
images/000003802.jpg	lucked off the planet by his friend Ford Pre
images/000003803.jpg	ther do some housework. She was really tired w
images/000003804.jpg	ext few days, the number of nails hammered on the
images/000003805.jpg	successful English learning is perseverance
images/000003806.jpg	tion, the price has been marked down over and
images/000003807.jpg	 The monkeys did not listen to the sparrow.
images/000003808.jpg	tention to our fellows. Occasional examples
images/000003809.jpg	rents of the little boy were very depressed due t
images/000003810.jpg	s are children's first teachers, so family d
images/000003811.jpg	 important role in the maintenance of our socie
images/000003812.jpg	e loved butterflies and had a craze for its
images/000003813.jpg	 animal cow to cover the road with leather? R
images/000003814.jpg	unt others with his words. His bad temper made 
images/000003815.jpg	ox that was looking for something to eat. H
images/000003816.jpg	ll out a few nails. The fence never look t
images/000003817.jpg	ime, there was a hungry fox that was looking f
images/000003818.jpg	noticed a flock of fireflies. One of the yo
images/000003819.jpg	terfly looked no longer beautiful and had a s
images/000003820.jpg	all their attempts failed. Finally, the b
images/000003821.jpg	py. He jumped into the hole and when he opene
images/000003822.jpg	ld destroy the life of thousands of cows to get
images/000003823.jpg	ake its way to enjoy its world. He decided to
images/000003824.jpg	and anger were like that! Words are more painful
images/000003825.jpg	r. In the event of a life-threatening emergen
images/000003826.jpg	ile friends give them strength and courage. The
images/000003827.jpg	riends and relatives without previous inv
images/000003828.jpg	e-threatening emergency, humanism can be as 
images/000003829.jpg	d generation is too conservative to accept anyth
images/000003830.jpg	an you. Participate in all oral activities. The m
images/000003831.jpg	n 10 hours with the cocoon and the butterf
images/000003832.jpg	nk, now deliberately, the donkey fell into the
images/000003833.jpg	had finished eating, he felt thirsty and dec
images/000003834.jpg	Don't be intimidated even though you find othe
images/000003835.jpg	e they must keep in mind that different thi
images/000003836.jpg	shell for several hours. He spent almost 
images/000003837.jpg	et out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the
images/000003838.jpg	s open to each other's outlooks on the world
images/000003839.jpg	o busy visiting all the human children to ha
images/000003840.jpg	achers, so family does play an important 
images/000003841.jpg	icult to hammer the nails and decided to
images/000003842.jpg	ke shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did n
images/000003843.jpg	several generations gathering around the televis
images/000003844.jpg	 be as important as actual medical treatment
images/000003845.jpg	eant that the butterfly was trying to make its
images/000003846.jpg	 more quickly. Further more, it gives us insi
images/000003847.jpg	essful English LearnerAlmost all the stud
images/000003848.jpg	the forest and searched there for food. Sudden
images/000003849.jpg	upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brillia
images/000003850.jpg	 there for food. Suddenly he caught sight 
images/000003851.jpg	 first surroundings is the family in which he w
images/000003852.jpg	ents through the verbal usage. While he 
images/000003853.jpg	 to us. It makes us do things more quickly. 
images/000003854.jpg	ly, the donkey fell into the river and wasted all
images/000003855.jpg	ssion and love for butterflies decided to he
images/000003856.jpg	est. He was going to eat it for his lunc
images/000003857.jpg	of time around butterflies. He knew how a bu
images/000003858.jpg	tterfly!One day, a man saw a cocoon. He love
images/000003859.jpg	riends give them strength and courage. They 
images/000003860.jpg	elax myself and be happy.A Hole in the Fence
images/000003861.jpg	e butterfly had been struggling very har
images/000003862.jpg	with a knife, but the wound will remain 
images/000003863.jpg	er gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked
images/000003864.jpg	 themselves against what the elders have been p
images/000003865.jpg	y to see me do well in the exam. I want t
images/000003866.jpg	 the body convert into wings. Thus, the body woul
images/000003867.jpg	 other beautiful butterflies! The continuous effo
images/000003868.jpg	 - what was his alternative idea. The minister t
images/000003869.jpg	les of human goodness can remind us of the 
images/000003870.jpg	uddenly he caught sight of a big tree with a hole
images/000003871.jpg	 attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s father came 
images/000003872.jpg	e boy told his father about the same.  Th
images/000003873.jpg	ment and discipline to learn English well.
images/000003874.jpg	 animal cow to cover the road with leather? Rathe
images/000003875.jpg	ves several reasons. With the rapid progressing 
images/000003876.jpg	rate holidays and entertain friends. The house
images/000003877.jpg	nd keep the lines of communications with them o
images/000003878.jpg	re, I want to help her in the holidays.What wi
images/000003879.jpg	ours. He spent almost more than 10 hours with t
images/000003880.jpg	e larger opening for the butterfly and remove
images/000003881.jpg	gh space aided by a galaxyful of fellow trav
images/000003882.jpg	hen it comes to the problem of generation gap, 
images/000003883.jpg	an in time of need. The young man's action
images/000003884.jpg	 have emerged like any other beautiful b
images/000003885.jpg	 nails. He asked his son to hammer one na
images/000003886.jpg	 help the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors a
images/000003887.jpg	s temper, he ran to the fence and hammered a nai
images/000003888.jpg	tend English lectures, while some students n
images/000003889.jpg	 demolished to make way for a galactic f
images/000003890.jpg	o break the shell for several hours. He spent alm
images/000003891.jpg	emind us of the meaning of humanism. If we
images/000003892.jpg	ll show my paper to my parents, they are so happy
images/000003893.jpg	e was reduced and the day arrived when no n
images/000003894.jpg	with tiny opening. It meant that the butterfl
images/000003895.jpg	gs more quickly. Further more, it gives us insig
images/000003896.jpg	found it very difficult to hammer the nails
images/000003897.jpg	ing is perseverance in face of hardship. Don't b
images/000003898.jpg	s watching the butterfly struggling to break the 
images/000003899.jpg	to remove the nails every day as he had c
images/000003900.jpg	road of the whole country with leather so 
images/000003901.jpg	nt purposes. Some students need it to re
images/000003902.jpg	as Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’
images/000003903.jpg	d a nail. In the next few days, the number of
images/000003904.jpg	uced to half. The little boy found it very diffic
images/000003905.jpg	invitation.Chinese families are proud of their 
images/000003906.jpg	were sitting on the same tree. She noticed what t
images/000003907.jpg	ht it was fire.He caught a firefly. He put it 
images/000003908.jpg	rs' experience-based advice or set themse
images/000003909.jpg	very depressed due to his bad temper. The 
images/000003910.jpg	cloth. Parents may not be in favor of their 
images/000003911.jpg	her have I,” Harry added, shaking his head
images/000003912.jpg	a craze for its wonderful combination of colou
images/000003913.jpg	He made an order to cover the road of the 
images/000003914.jpg	were very stony. He could not tolerate the pain 
images/000003915.jpg	 said to Emily. “So forget about the whol
images/000003916.jpg	avel by foot to interact with his people and
images/000003917.jpg	pealing worm! Here is the story of a butte
images/000003918.jpg	ed due to his bad temper. The boy used to 
images/000003919.jpg	little boy lived with his father and mother. He w
images/000003920.jpg	stand their children and keep the lines of 
images/000003921.jpg	s his first trip by foot to longer distance. He c
images/000003922.jpg	akes the world a more beautiful place to live in.
images/000003923.jpg	 essential quality for successful English
images/000003924.jpg	y began to eat. After the fox had finished eat
images/000003925.jpg	nsform from an ugly caterpillar into a beautiful
images/000003926.jpg	 was a package. The hungry fox immediately th
images/000003927.jpg	e loved butterflies and had a craze for i
images/000003928.jpg	ll in the exam, I will show my paper to my 
images/000003929.jpg	 merchant quickly discovered the donkey’
images/000003930.jpg	s alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Wh
images/000003931.jpg	er. Humanism makes the world a more beautiful pl
images/000003932.jpg	rby spring. However, no matter how hard he tried,
images/000003933.jpg	s world. He decided to sit over and watch ho
images/000003934.jpg	 of all the ballpoint pens he's bought over 
images/000003935.jpg	 flying to its nest. The monkeys were sitting 
images/000003936.jpg	e holidays and entertain friends. The househol
images/000003937.jpg	oth sides should talk over their problems wit
images/000003938.jpg	ew days, the number of nails hammered on the f
images/000003939.jpg	g the children. Chinese families tend to social
images/000003940.jpg	 don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen hi
images/000003941.jpg	ing children's personality. Friends are 
images/000003942.jpg	silly monkeys that is a firefly, not real fire”
images/000003943.jpg	lmost more than 10 hours with the cocoon a
images/000003944.jpg	butes to household duties, including the childre
images/000003945.jpg	 to hammer one nail to the fence every time h
images/000003946.jpg	rrowed down in time. Both sides should talk 
images/000003947.jpg	 struggling very hard for hours to come 
images/000003948.jpg	 ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Paren
images/000003949.jpg	hings that young generation is keen on a
images/000003950.jpg	y is coming.I am going to do many things t
images/000003951.jpg	ng thought that he had to change this for t
images/000003952.jpg	 time of need. The young man's actions we
images/000003953.jpg	places. He decided to travel by foot to int
images/000003954.jpg	the butterfly and removed the remaining 
images/000003955.jpg	he family gathers together to celebrate hol
images/000003956.jpg	n reaching the river he again fell into t
images/000003957.jpg	the same time they must keep in mind tha
images/000003958.jpg	ers. If we say that families offer the env
images/000003959.jpg	h leather so that people might feel comf
images/000003960.jpg	d and upset. He told himself, “I wish that I ha
images/000003961.jpg	and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel 
images/000003962.jpg	to watch the butterfly and he was quite eager 
images/000003963.jpg	s character. As parents, they should learn t
images/000003964.jpg	ed that the bags of salt loaded on his back bec
images/000003965.jpg	or them. The parents of the little boy were very 
images/000003966.jpg	rt into wings. Thus, the body would become l
images/000003967.jpg	riseIt was two days before Christmas. Harry
images/000003968.jpg	eautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded
images/000003969.jpg	 nails and decided to control his temper.Grad
images/000003970.jpg	 aided by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaph
images/000003971.jpg	places were so happy to have a conversati
images/000003972.jpg	le boy were very depressed due to his bad te
images/000003973.jpg	e larger opening for the butterfly and re
images/000003974.jpg	. He ordered for a pair of leather shoes for 
images/000003975.jpg	 their minds open to each other's outlooks on t
images/000003976.jpg	tter ways of seeing things. Computers largely bro
images/000003977.jpg	Family Life in ChinaThe members in a Chines
images/000003978.jpg	he problem. As long as both sides keep the
images/000003979.jpg	here were a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit in
images/000003980.jpg	 eat. After the fox had finished eating, he 
images/000003981.jpg	ys of seeing things. Computers largely broaden
images/000003982.jpg	fter they get married. So a household co
images/000003983.jpg	d learn to understand their children and
images/000003984.jpg	sm calls for us to pay closer attention to 
images/000003985.jpg	 turn a deaf ear to the elders' experience-ba
images/000003986.jpg	river and wasted all the bags of salt on its ba
images/000003987.jpg	vior. In the event of a life-threatening eme
images/000003988.jpg	 The parents of the little boy were very depresse
images/000003989.jpg	e not cut from the same cloth. Parents may not
images/000003990.jpg	ng comprehension, one should get access t
images/000003991.jpg	hristmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked
images/000003992.jpg	 Humanism calls for us to pay closer attention 
images/000003993.jpg	eyOne beautiful spring morning, a merchant l
images/000003994.jpg	 with abundance of wealth and no misfortu
images/000003995.jpg	ing.I am going to do many things that I wan
images/000003996.jpg	ot a pair of scissors and tweaked the coco
images/000003997.jpg	om were very happy as they had a very prosper
images/000003998.jpg	ammer one nail to the fence every time he b
images/000003999.jpg	alaxy who, for the last fifteen years, has been 
images/000004000.jpg	e nails but still see the holes in the fence. A
images/000004001.jpg	of humanism is apparent in the story of "The Ri
images/000004002.jpg	forever. Your bad temper and anger were li
images/000004003.jpg	n returned home again but re-loaded his donkey w
images/000004004.jpg	ings. Computers largely broaden our vision.H
images/000004005.jpg	he meaning of humanism. If we treat our fellows 
images/000004006.jpg	s passed and the boy was able to pull out most 
images/000004007.jpg	 can drop in on friends and relatives witho
images/000004008.jpg	ricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom A
images/000004009.jpg	very much worried about the people who us
images/000004010.jpg	ll me that they don’t care how I do well
images/000004011.jpg	 No matter how hard he tried, the fox could not
images/000004012.jpg	tudents should have some ideal qualities to succe
images/000004013.jpg	etter your spoken English will be. Nothing in th
images/000004014.jpg	 should take shelter in a cave”. The mon
images/000004015.jpg	 Parents are children's first teachers, so family
images/000004016.jpg	comfortable and were very stony. He could n
images/000004017.jpg	gs could support the body.  Unfortunately,
images/000004018.jpg	ople. You can remove the nails but still see
images/000004019.jpg	lf, “I wish that I had thought a little before j
images/000004020.jpg	efly.After some time the monkeys became very t
images/000004021.jpg	 come out of the cocoon. He was watching the b
images/000004022.jpg	n), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur trie
images/000004023.jpg	ll the ballpoint pens he's bought over the y
images/000004024.jpg	ion, one should get access to a lot of r
images/000004025.jpg	o the palace. He was quite happy that he v
images/000004026.jpg	or angry words. He scolded kids, neighbo
images/000004027.jpg	row up. Parents are children's first teac
images/000004028.jpg	mediately.The king thought that he had to c
images/000004029.jpg	s, the fox had eaten so much food that he becam
images/000004030.jpg	ticed a flock of fireflies. One of the young 
images/000004031.jpg	 With the rapid progressing of the society, com
images/000004032.jpg	 break the shell for several hours. He spent 
images/000004033.jpg	r. Your bad temper and anger were like tha
images/000004034.jpg	parents even after they get married. So a ho
images/000004035.jpg	usy visiting all the human children to have much
images/000004036.jpg	nt role in shaping children's character. As
images/000004037.jpg	e. He was quite happy that he visited many pilg
images/000004038.jpg	gs and huge body. It was never able to fly al
images/000004039.jpg	e say that families offer the environment of livi
images/000004040.jpg	rprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been 
images/000004041.jpg	 attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s fath
images/000004042.jpg	 the fox had finished eating, he felt th
images/000004043.jpg	sponsible for solving the problem. As long as b
images/000004044.jpg	 bags of salt loaded on his back became 
images/000004045.jpg	eplied, ‘a hole in the fence!’He told the boy, 
images/000004046.jpg	ries - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I sa
images/000004047.jpg	olerable pain in his feet as it was his first t
images/000004048.jpg	dren and keep the lines of communications with th
images/000004049.jpg	d with the disappearance of all the ballpo
images/000004050.jpg	epressed due to his bad temper. The boy used to
images/000004051.jpg	cause I miss her very much.I want to stay wi
images/000004052.jpg	e saw there were a lot of food, bread, mea
images/000004053.jpg	s up, indicating computers are playing a more 
images/000004054.jpg	had said was correct.They set free the firef
images/000004055.jpg	deas disturb both of them. Most of the things
images/000004056.jpg	r do some housework. She was really tired when 
images/000004057.jpg	 will go to my grandma's house,because I miss her
images/000004058.jpg	in the maintenance of our society. Humanism cal
images/000004059.jpg	ties, including the children. Chinese families 
images/000004060.jpg	rther more, it gives us insights into othe
images/000004061.jpg	come lighter and smaller and the wings would b
images/000004062.jpg	 hammer the nails and decided to control his te
images/000004063.jpg	om Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail
images/000004064.jpg	looked no longer beautiful and had a swollen body
images/000004065.jpg	l into the river and noticed that the bag
images/000004066.jpg	d moved to a nearby cave.The Hungry Fox who got
images/000004067.jpg	g decided to go on a travel to visit places of 
images/000004068.jpg	nce for 30 times on the first day! Every t
images/000004069.jpg	 would let the fluid stored in the body conver
images/000004070.jpg	 he returned to the palace. He was quite hap
images/000004071.jpg	oy was able to pull out most of the nails fro
images/000004072.jpg	es the world a more beautiful place to liv
images/000004073.jpg	ee with a hole in it.Inside the hole was a 
images/000004074.jpg	 galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan)
images/000004075.jpg	ents even after they get married. So a househol
images/000004076.jpg	ily are respectively more than in other co
images/000004077.jpg	 who used to walk along those roads as i
images/000004078.jpg	thers together to celebrate holidays and 
images/000004079.jpg	t and discipline to learn English well. In 
images/000004080.jpg	 consisting of three generations is commo
images/000004081.jpg	is, so they are the dearest parts in one's life
images/000004082.jpg	ds, neighbours and even his friends due to ang
images/000004083.jpg	ils from the fence. However, there remained a few
images/000004084.jpg	d edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to t
images/000004085.jpg	y people can afford their own personal computer
images/000004086.jpg	in the maintenance of our society. Humanism ca
images/000004087.jpg	 in the maintenance of our society. Humanism c
images/000004088.jpg	he butterfly just crawled around with withered wi
images/000004089.jpg	ely, the butterfly looked no longer beaut
images/000004090.jpg	r countries' family. In China, children live 
images/000004091.jpg	 is only for human children,” Fritz said to Emily
images/000004092.jpg	 know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food 
images/000004093.jpg	tention, only going through the struggles th
images/000004094.jpg	. Finally, the boy’s father came up with an idea
images/000004095.jpg	ssful English LearnerAlmost all the students nee
images/000004096.jpg	te the pain as he walked all the way through the 
images/000004097.jpg	ught that there might be food in it, and he beca
images/000004098.jpg	 are we born? Why do we die? For all the answers,
images/000004099.jpg	e was watching the butterfly struggling to brea
images/000004100.jpg	with abundance of wealth and no misfortun
images/000004101.jpg	is ministers were stunned to hear his order as i
images/000004102.jpg	 donkey slipped and fell into the river and not
images/000004103.jpg	words. His bad temper made him fall for 
images/000004104.jpg	ered wings and huge body. It was never able
images/000004105.jpg	 The number climbs more than ten times u
images/000004106.jpg	ain, you cannot pull out a few nails. The fe
images/000004107.jpg	Emily also didn’t know much about Christmas.”
images/000004108.jpg	daily life, whether you admit it or not. 
images/000004109.jpg	climbs more than ten times up, indicating 
images/000004110.jpg	 same tree. She noticed what they were doin
images/000004111.jpg	 river and noticed that the bags of salt l
images/000004112.jpg	isiting all the human children to have much time 
images/000004113.jpg	y generation gap comes into being. Some 
images/000004114.jpg	 not get out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes
images/000004115.jpg	rrow. They continued to blow at our poor fi
images/000004116.jpg	e boy found it very difficult to hammer the nail
images/000004117.jpg	. I want to be happy all the time. But I h
images/000004118.jpg	ersation with their king and they were proud tha
images/000004119.jpg	nfortunately, the butterfly just crawled aroun
images/000004120.jpg	 how I do well in the exam, they just want
images/000004121.jpg	erfly come out of the cocoon without any more s
images/000004122.jpg	trees in the forest. He was going to eat
images/000004123.jpg	afford their own personal computers.The co
images/000004124.jpg	tively more than in other countries' fam
images/000004125.jpg	nds and relatives without previous invitati
images/000004126.jpg	ng a more and more important role in modern lif
images/000004127.jpg	s first teachers, so family does play an importa
images/000004128.jpg	king for something to eat. He was very hu
images/000004129.jpg	food in it, and he became very happy. He jumped
images/000004130.jpg	uous attempts for several hours, there was no pr
images/000004131.jpg	y began to eat. After the fox had finished eatin
images/000004132.jpg	d, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch presiden
images/000004133.jpg	mered a nail. In the next few days, the nu
images/000004134.jpg	efore Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I we
images/000004135.jpg	ried. So a household consisting of three genera
images/000004136.jpg	ion gap, people's ideas are not cut from the 
images/000004137.jpg	that the butterfly tried its best and cou
images/000004138.jpg	it would cost a huge amount of money als
images/000004139.jpg	part in shaping children's personality. Friend
images/000004140.jpg	ional examples of human goodness can remi
images/000004141.jpg	e happy all the time. But I have put so muc
images/000004142.jpg	t a beautiful and colourful butterfly comes fr
images/000004143.jpg	ot hammer any nail and he did not lose his temp
images/000004144.jpg	ct.They set free the firefly and moved to
images/000004145.jpg	. The little boy found it hilarious and ac
images/000004146.jpg	ails that the boy could not pull out.The boy to
images/000004147.jpg	Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “
images/000004148.jpg	old duties, including the children. Chin
images/000004149.jpg	he lost his temper, he ran to the fence and ham
images/000004150.jpg	prove the ability of English reading com
images/000004151.jpg	ral generations gathering around the tel
images/000004152.jpg	h. There are two apparent factors which affe
images/000004153.jpg	nkey with bags of salt to go to the market in o
images/000004154.jpg	 One of the monkeys said, “I wish we could fi
images/000004155.jpg	l be. Nothing in the world is difficult fo
images/000004156.jpg	me flying to its nest. The monkeys were s
images/000004157.jpg	 happy to have a conversation with their king an
images/000004158.jpg	g with friends one can get into the soci
images/000004159.jpg	reat our fellows with respect and tolerance, 
images/000004160.jpg	f ear to the elders' experience-based advice or s
images/000004161.jpg	t he had to change this for the betterment 
images/000004162.jpg	as important as actual medical treatment.
images/000004163.jpg	Short Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyO
images/000004164.jpg	al reasons. With the rapid progressing of t
images/000004165.jpg	not taken into account. These different ideas di
images/000004166.jpg	 a king. The people of the kingdom were v
images/000004167.jpg	aught sight of a big tree with a hole in it.Ins
images/000004168.jpg	about 19 hours. The number climbs more than t
images/000004169.jpg	ly are respectively more than in other countries'
images/000004170.jpg	 and colourful butterfly comes from an unappeali
images/000004171.jpg	d Monty. “I’ve never seen him, myself.”“Neithe
images/000004172.jpg	of the meaning of humanism. If we treat our
images/000004173.jpg	nerations. Those who grow up in happy families 
images/000004174.jpg	ong as both sides keep their minds open to each
images/000004175.jpg	ble to live a life like a butterfly!One day, a m
images/000004176.jpg	ing.I am going to do many things that I want to
images/000004177.jpg	g people either turn a deaf ear to the elde
images/000004178.jpg	acters. If we say that families offer the en
images/000004179.jpg	d not walked far when they reached a rive
images/000004180.jpg	 many pilgrim centres and could see his f
images/000004181.jpg	 tired. Now they realized what the sparrow had s
images/000004182.jpg	of benefits to us. It makes us do things more q
images/000004183.jpg	tricky donkey again set on its way. On reac
images/000004184.jpg	py all the time. But I have put so much 
images/000004185.jpg	oliday, I want to practice more to improv
images/000004186.jpg	vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when m
images/000004187.jpg	brilliant, and chronically depressed rob
images/000004188.jpg	f nails. He asked his son to hammer one nai
images/000004189.jpg	I will jion a soccer club,because I like p
images/000004190.jpg	ngry Fox who got Caught in the Tree Trunk
images/000004191.jpg	nfortunately, the butterfly looked no long
images/000004192.jpg	ds give them strength and courage. They 
images/000004193.jpg	bring presents to animal children?” Emily aske
images/000004194.jpg	. In China, children live with their parents
images/000004195.jpg	se it to talk to English-speakers, attend s
images/000004196.jpg	 prosperous life with abundance of wealth
images/000004197.jpg	ain so that many people can afford their own pers
images/000004198.jpg	words. He scolded kids, neighbours and e
images/000004199.jpg	 the body and the wings could support the body. 
images/000004200.jpg	tions gathering around the television in the even
images/000004201.jpg	world as it is, so they are the dearest pa
images/000004202.jpg	ct, a researcher for the revised edition of
images/000004203.jpg	nly son for them. The parents of the lit
images/000004204.jpg	ided to help the butterfly. He got a pair
images/000004205.jpg	he fluid stored in the body convert into wings.
images/000004206.jpg	cided to leave the trunk and drink some wa
images/000004207.jpg	ld humanism plays an important role in the m
images/000004208.jpg	ey fell into the river and wasted all the 
images/000004209.jpg	 the family in which he will grow up. Pa
images/000004210.jpg	uld see his fellow people leading a propitio
images/000004211.jpg	in friends. The household is always friendly, 
images/000004212.jpg	rs. I guess he is too busy visiting all t
images/000004213.jpg	eached the slippery riverbank, now delibera
images/000004214.jpg	w travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed
images/000004215.jpg	 nails. He asked his son to hammer one n
images/000004216.jpg	the last fifteen years, has been posing a
images/000004217.jpg	ht Time". The soldier extended a helping
images/000004218.jpg	age. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, hi
images/000004219.jpg	new. Their voices are not taken into account. Th
images/000004220.jpg	at he spoke in anger, his friends and neighbours 
images/000004221.jpg	. Some think that maybe the old generatio
images/000004222.jpg	o much pressure on myself. One day, my parents te
images/000004223.jpg	the shell for several hours. He spent almos
images/000004224.jpg	es and keeps our minds open to better ways of see
images/000004225.jpg	river and noticed that the bags of salt lo
images/000004226.jpg	centres at distant places. He decided to trave
images/000004227.jpg	d some fire. It will help us to keep warm”.Sudd
images/000004228.jpg	housands of cows to get the sufficient quantit
images/000004229.jpg	me where he loaded his donkey with more bags o
images/000004230.jpg	y would come out of the cocoon. He was wa
images/000004231.jpg	 no longer beautiful and had a swollen bo
images/000004232.jpg	t the wound will remain there forever. Yo
images/000004233.jpg	 I want to be happy all the time. But I 
images/000004234.jpg	ow why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food t
images/000004235.jpg	 them to embrace the relationships. Use t
images/000004236.jpg	he family in which he will grow up. Parents 
images/000004237.jpg	h president of the galaxy; Trillian (for
images/000004238.jpg	ound with withered wings and huge body. It was 
images/000004239.jpg	t any time, the butterfly might expand the
images/000004240.jpg	nd Modern LifeThe computer is a wonderful
images/000004241.jpg	dy.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expande
images/000004242.jpg	nelius, Monty and I were busy building a sno
images/000004243.jpg	 treat our fellows with respect and tolerance
images/000004244.jpg	in in his feet as it was his first trip by fo
images/000004245.jpg	how my paper to my parents, they are so happy
images/000004246.jpg	n a tree. They were clinging to its branches. One
images/000004247.jpg	ind us of the meaning of humanism. If we treat ou
images/000004248.jpg	ights into other cultures and keeps our minds o
images/000004249.jpg	l than physical abuse! Use words for good. Us
images/000004250.jpg	him a huge bag of nails. He asked his son to 
images/000004251.jpg	ed to leave the trunk and drink some wat
images/000004252.jpg	controlled his anger. Several days passed and the
images/000004253.jpg	 the nails from the fence. However, there 
images/000004254.jpg	s to about 19 hours. The number climbs mo
images/000004255.jpg	ime around butterflies. He knew how a butter
images/000004256.jpg	es he also bring presents to animal chil
images/000004257.jpg	ger. Several days passed and the boy was able 
images/000004258.jpg	ce upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brillia
images/000004259.jpg	cided to leave the trunk and drink some wat
images/000004260.jpg	e.The fox was very sad and upset. He told him
images/000004261.jpg	 river he again fell into the water. But in
images/000004262.jpg	iends are the connections between children and th
images/000004263.jpg	d a helping hand to the old man in time o
images/000004264.jpg	y, the butterfly just crawled around with with
images/000004265.jpg	terfly emerged without any struggle!Unfortu
images/000004266.jpg	at people spend on computers per week, ranging f
images/000004267.jpg	world is difficult for one who sets his mind
images/000004268.jpg	ly had been struggling very hard for hours t
images/000004269.jpg	earby spring. However, no matter how hard he tr
images/000004270.jpg	 spirit of humanism is apparent in the story 
images/000004271.jpg	er attention to our fellows. Occasional ex
images/000004272.jpg	s. If we say that families offer the env
images/000004273.jpg	’t been around this part of the forest for many 
images/000004274.jpg	, he felt thirsty and decided to leave the tr
images/000004275.jpg	ve my skills.Second I will go to my grandma'
images/000004276.jpg	 children's character. As parents, they sh
images/000004277.jpg	from a nearby spring. However, no matter how ha
images/000004278.jpg	 of the cocoon without any more struggles. He 
images/000004279.jpg	 South and has never seen snow before,” Fritz 
images/000004280.jpg	nging to its branches. One of the monkeys
images/000004281.jpg	e out through the tiny opening. Unfortunately
images/000004282.jpg	nk, now deliberately, the donkey fell in
images/000004283.jpg	o?” she asked me, shivering in the cold air.“Sa
images/000004284.jpg	z said to Emily. “So forget about the whole i
images/000004285.jpg	hould learn to understand their children and kee
images/000004286.jpg	ere are these pens? Why are we born? Why do we di
images/000004287.jpg	 understand the world as it is, so they 
images/000004288.jpg	role in the maintenance of our society. 
images/000004289.jpg	ination of colours. In fact, he used to spend
images/000004290.jpg	er in the holidays.What will you do on S
images/000004291.jpg	contributes to household duties, including 
images/000004292.jpg	ce of leather cut in appropriate shape t
images/000004293.jpg	m of generation gap, people's ideas are 
images/000004294.jpg	ldren to understand the world as it is, so they 
images/000004295.jpg	t from the butterfly to come out of its c
images/000004296.jpg	oon to make larger opening for the butterfly a
images/000004297.jpg	on't be intimidated even though you find ot
images/000004298.jpg	re two apparent factors which affect a person's 
images/000004299.jpg	er your feet?’The king was very much surprise
images/000004300.jpg	he holy animal cow to cover the road with leath
images/000004301.jpg	m to embrace the relationships. Use them to show 
images/000004302.jpg	he merchant could do, except return home wh
images/000004303.jpg	r your spoken English will be. Nothing in the wo
images/000004304.jpg	 them. The parents of the little boy were very de
images/000004305.jpg	o, people happily lived under the rule o
images/000004306.jpg	d to lose his temper. The little boy found it
images/000004307.jpg	treat our fellows with respect and tolerance,
images/000004308.jpg	e not cut from the same cloth. Parents may 
images/000004309.jpg	ers were stunned to hear his order as it would
images/000004310.jpg	 reading comprehension, one should get access to 
images/000004311.jpg	terfly would have emerged like any other beau
images/000004312.jpg	he wings could support the body.  Unfortunatel
images/000004313.jpg	t they don’t care how I do well in the exam, t
images/000004314.jpg	ommon human needs and seeks rational ways of
images/000004315.jpg	hammer any nail and he did not lose his 
images/000004316.jpg	lipped and fell into the river and noticed th
images/000004317.jpg	n’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen
images/000004318.jpg	is a drastic increase of the hours that people s
images/000004319.jpg	e he loaded his donkey with more bags of sal
images/000004320.jpg	 taken into account. These different idea
images/000004321.jpg	ith tiny opening. It meant that the butterfly was
images/000004322.jpg	sh, tricky donkey again set on its way. On
images/000004323.jpg	e we born? Why do we die? For all the ans
images/000004324.jpg	sh that I had thought a little before jumping i
images/000004325.jpg	g through the struggles the butterfly would have
images/000004326.jpg	English textbooks or jonrnals and attend
images/000004327.jpg	nfortunately, the butterfly looked no longer be
images/000004328.jpg	ve them strength and courage. They both help
images/000004329.jpg	y was able to pull out most of the nails from the
images/000004330.jpg	 families tend to have many pleasant character
images/000004331.jpg	the road with leather? Rather, you can just 
images/000004332.jpg	chronically depressed robot; and Veet Voojag
images/000004333.jpg	onderful combination of colours. In fact, 
images/000004334.jpg	temper. The boy used to get angry very soon 
images/000004335.jpg	inistry came to the king and said that he had ano
images/000004336.jpg	t for his lunch.The fox happily began to eat. 
images/000004337.jpg	ing asked - what was his alternative idea. The
images/000004338.jpg	 an ugly caterpillar into a beautiful on
images/000004339.jpg	n's growth. One is family, and the other is f
images/000004340.jpg	le!Unfortunately, the butterfly looked no long
images/000004341.jpg	ad of the load becoming lighter, it became hea
images/000004342.jpg	odern life.What has led to this phenomenon
images/000004343.jpg	society, computers are now widely applied in al
images/000004344.jpg	e put so much pressure on myself. One day
images/000004345.jpg	r you admit it or not. When it comes to the
images/000004346.jpg	our spoken English will be. Nothing in t
images/000004347.jpg	 to be happy all the time. But I have put so m
images/000004348.jpg	society, computers are now widely applied in 
images/000004349.jpg	any examples that demonstrate humanism. The s
images/000004350.jpg	eral days that he did not hammer any nail a
images/000004351.jpg	out.The boy told his father about the sam
images/000004352.jpg	xam, I will show my paper to my parents, 
images/000004353.jpg	told his father about the same.  The father
images/000004354.jpg	and huge body. It was never able to fly all thr
images/000004355.jpg	d a great deal. There is a drastic increase of t
images/000004356.jpg	to change this for the betterment and happin
images/000004357.jpg	g on the same tree. She noticed what the
images/000004358.jpg	. She was really tired when I was go to school. 
images/000004359.jpg	 for food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree
images/000004360.jpg	 time. But I have put so much pressure on mysel
images/000004361.jpg	some time the monkeys became very tired. Now the
images/000004362.jpg	unk while he cut down trees in the fores
images/000004363.jpg	ded to go on a travel to visit places of
images/000004364.jpg	nded a helping hand to the old man in time 
images/000004365.jpg	s, the number of nails hammered on the f
images/000004366.jpg	tion, the price has been marked down ove
images/000004367.jpg	 times up, indicating computers are playing a mor
images/000004368.jpg	, he ran to the fence and hammered a nail. 
images/000004369.jpg	 many things may turn out for the better. H
images/000004370.jpg	rning. It requires much time, commitment and disc
images/000004371.jpg	. Therefore, I want to help her in the holidays.W
images/000004372.jpg	own over and over again so that many peopl
images/000004373.jpg	d struggle to transform from an ugly caterpil
images/000004374.jpg	to be happy all the time. But I have put
images/000004375.jpg	 day, my parents tell me that they don’t care h
images/000004376.jpg	ultures and keeps our minds open to bett
images/000004377.jpg	 noticed that the bags of salt loaded on his 
images/000004378.jpg	s. He spent almost more than 10 hours with t
images/000004379.jpg	y sad and upset. He told himself, “I wish that I
images/000004380.jpg	ations should be responsible for solving the 
images/000004381.jpg	 so that people might feel comfortable, immediat
images/000004382.jpg	mother. He was the only son for them. The paren
images/000004383.jpg	 many things that I want to do. For exampie,first
images/000004384.jpg	He thought that at any time, the butterfly migh
images/000004385.jpg	I had thought a little before jumping into t
images/000004386.jpg	 the fluid stored in the body convert into wings.
images/000004387.jpg	 increase of the hours that people spend on c
images/000004388.jpg	 with several generations gathering around
images/000004389.jpg	re might be food in it, and he became ver
images/000004390.jpg	low people leading a propitious life. However, h
images/000004391.jpg	ree-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-l
images/000004392.jpg	ile some students need to use it to talk to E
images/000004393.jpg	gling very hard for hours to come out th
images/000004394.jpg	port the body.  Unfortunately, neither the w
images/000004395.jpg	 young generation is keen on are disgusti
images/000004396.jpg	He continued to watch the butterfly and he w
images/000004397.jpg	armth, care and shelter, while friends give th
images/000004398.jpg	ly asked.Short Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic
images/000004399.jpg	ole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so m
images/000004400.jpg	anta Claus is only for human children,” 
images/000004401.jpg	hey noticed a flock of fireflies. One of the y
images/000004402.jpg	ailed. Finally, the boy’s father came up 
images/000004403.jpg	rice has been marked down over and over again
images/000004404.jpg	 a very prosperous life with abundance of weal
images/000004405.jpg	istorical importance and pilgrim centres at di
images/000004406.jpg	event of a life-threatening emergency, human
images/000004407.jpg	tterfly comes from an unappealing worm! Her
images/000004408.jpg	ome out of the cocoon without any more s
images/000004409.jpg	 the problem. As long as both sides keep thei
images/000004410.jpg	she also has to work. Therefore, I want to
images/000004411.jpg	ho used to walk along those roads as it would 
images/000004412.jpg	vering in the cold air.“Santa Claus,” I e
images/000004413.jpg	 hours to come out through the tiny opening. Un
images/000004414.jpg	and said that he had another idea.The king ask
images/000004415.jpg	ion is too conservative to accept anything new.
images/000004416.jpg	ime, commitment and discipline to learn English
images/000004417.jpg	 told his father about the same.  The father appr
images/000004418.jpg	o happy to see me do well in the exam. I wa
images/000004419.jpg	e butterfly. The butterfly had been strugg
images/000004420.jpg	r.During the summer holiday, I want to practi
images/000004421.jpg	friends. The household is always friendly, we
images/000004422.jpg	d by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Za
images/000004423.jpg	e of cost and the fierce market competition, th
images/000004424.jpg	 Christmas time.”“Does he also bring pres
images/000004425.jpg	ications with them open, at the same time 
images/000004426.jpg	han you. Participate in all oral activities. The 
images/000004427.jpg	The sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monk
images/000004428.jpg	ism plays an important role in the mainten
images/000004429.jpg	he last fifteen years, has been posing a
images/000004430.jpg	hose who grow up in happy families tend to
images/000004431.jpg	tch the butterfly and he was quite eager to 
images/000004432.jpg	e happily lived under the rule of a king. The pe
images/000004433.jpg	ren's first teachers, so family does play an imp
images/000004434.jpg	t and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morn
images/000004435.jpg	ere very depressed due to his bad temper. T
images/000004436.jpg	y monkeys that is a firefly, not real fir
images/000004437.jpg	happy. I know I should relax myself and be hap
images/000004438.jpg	ours that people spend on computers per week,
images/000004439.jpg	ld as it is, so they are the dearest parts 
images/000004440.jpg	erely and frankly.Who Influences Young Ad
images/000004441.jpg	hem strength and courage. They both help chi
images/000004442.jpg	 lot of benefits to us. It makes us do things
images/000004443.jpg	, a merchant loaded his donkey with bags of
images/000004444.jpg	 for the better. Humanism makes the world a more 
images/000004445.jpg	can remove the nails but still see the holes in 
images/000004446.jpg	o be happy. I know I should relax myself a
images/000004447.jpg	harmony and unity. Each member of the family cont
images/000004448.jpg	arger opening for the butterfly and removed th
images/000004449.jpg	 from an ugly caterpillar into a beautiful on
images/000004450.jpg	 his feet as it was his first trip by foot to
images/000004451.jpg	vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when maki
images/000004452.jpg	n of colours. In fact, he used to spend a lot 
images/000004453.jpg	t it or not. When it comes to the problem of g
images/000004454.jpg	g asked - what was his alternative idea. The
images/000004455.jpg	ur spoken English will be. Nothing in the wor
images/000004456.jpg	ng, a merchant loaded his donkey with ba
images/000004457.jpg	have emerged like any other beautiful butte
images/000004458.jpg	all through its life.Although the man did it wi
images/000004459.jpg	beautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded h
images/000004460.jpg	r the better. Humanism makes the world a mor
images/000004461.jpg	 in anger, his friends and neighbours avo
images/000004462.jpg	terfly might expand the wings, shrink th
images/000004463.jpg	 wings expanded or enlarged nor the swollen
images/000004464.jpg	appily began to eat. After the fox had fi
images/000004465.jpg	s tend to socialize together, with several gen
images/000004466.jpg	calls for us to pay closer attention to our fell
images/000004467.jpg	disturb both of them. Most of the things that
images/000004468.jpg	ought that at any time, the butterfly migh
images/000004469.jpg	re was no progress. It seemed that the bu
images/000004470.jpg	d his father that it was several days that h
images/000004471.jpg	 that! Words are more painful than physical abuse
images/000004472.jpg	 The weather was freezing. A group of monk
images/000004473.jpg	 whole idea. Let’s go home now before you c
images/000004474.jpg	assed when making some embarrassing mist
images/000004475.jpg	re hospitable. The family gathers together t
images/000004476.jpg	he said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefl
images/000004477.jpg	sty and decided to leave the trunk and dri
images/000004478.jpg	them to embrace the relationships. Use them to sh
images/000004479.jpg	ng to do many things that I want to do. For ex
images/000004480.jpg	embers in a Chinese family are respectively m
images/000004481.jpg	eys did not listen to the sparrow. They 
images/000004482.jpg	ousework. She was really tired when I was go t
images/000004483.jpg	 GapGeneration gap exists in our daily life,
images/000004484.jpg	ds and neighbours avoided him.His mother and f
images/000004485.jpg	 grandma's house,because I miss her very
images/000004486.jpg	ly, even after continuous attempts for several h
images/000004487.jpg	ng asked - what was his alternative idea. The mi
images/000004488.jpg	ombination of colours. In fact, he used to sp
images/000004489.jpg	g morning, a merchant loaded his donkey with ba
images/000004490.jpg	 Rather, you can just have a piece of le
images/000004491.jpg	onsible for solving the problem. As long as both
images/000004492.jpg	, my parents tell me that they don’t care how I 
images/000004493.jpg	is father about the same.  The father appreci
images/000004494.jpg	to cover the road with leather? Rather, 
images/000004495.jpg	 thanks to the decline of cost and the fierce ma
images/000004496.jpg	cocoon to make larger opening for the butter
images/000004497.jpg	ocoon. He loved butterflies and had a craze 
images/000004498.jpg	dship. Don't be intimidated even though yo
images/000004499.jpg	 Both sides should talk over their problems with
images/000004500.jpg	ontinuous attempts for several hours, the
images/000004501.jpg	ld get access to a lot of reading materia
images/000004502.jpg	 the cold air.“Santa Claus,” I explained, “bri
images/000004503.jpg	hen I do well in the exam, I will show my pa
images/000004504.jpg	ver and noticed that the bags of salt loaded on
images/000004505.jpg	his temper. He told his father that it was s
images/000004506.jpg	o family does play an important role in sha
images/000004507.jpg	ourful butterfly comes from an unappealing 
images/000004508.jpg	s difficult for one who sets his mind on
images/000004509.jpg	troy the life of thousands of cows to get the s
images/000004510.jpg	 in ChinaThe members in a Chinese famil
images/000004511.jpg	e in shaping children's character. As parents, t
images/000004512.jpg	world is difficult for one who sets his mind 
images/000004513.jpg	 market competition, the price has been marke
images/000004514.jpg	 are these pens? Why are we born? Why do we
images/000004515.jpg	tely, even after continuous attempts for severa
images/000004516.jpg	n, the first surroundings is the family in w
images/000004517.jpg	ds and seeks rational ways of solving human pro
images/000004518.jpg	 used a great deal. There is a drastic inc
images/000004519.jpg	hem strength and courage. They both help 
images/000004520.jpg	he body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expand
images/000004521.jpg	e had to change this for the betterment and happ
images/000004522.jpg	n and love for butterflies decided to help the bu
images/000004523.jpg	road with leather? Rather, you can just have a pi
images/000004524.jpg	, the number of nails hammered to the fe
images/000004525.jpg	ly does play an important role in shaping 
images/000004526.jpg	 butterfly that was never able to live a 
images/000004527.jpg	l into the river and wasted all the bags of sa
images/000004528.jpg	r society. Humanism calls for us to pay 
images/000004529.jpg	py to have a conversation with their king 
images/000004530.jpg	with his people and accompany them. People of 
images/000004531.jpg	ke in anger, his friends and neighbours a
images/000004532.jpg	 to the king and said that he had another idea.
images/000004533.jpg	wled around with withered wings and huge body
images/000004534.jpg	watching the butterfly struggling to bre
images/000004535.jpg	und will remain there forever. Your bad tem
images/000004536.jpg	r. He told his father that it was several days t
images/000004537.jpg	ttle boy found it hilarious and accepted to do w
images/000004538.jpg	pate in all oral activities. The more yo
images/000004539.jpg	nd English lectures, while some students need to
images/000004540.jpg	 roads as it would be painful for them to
images/000004541.jpg	e a person's growth. There are two apparent fa
images/000004542.jpg	 girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at 
images/000004543.jpg	y? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food that he b
images/000004544.jpg	 Galaxy who, for the last fifteen years, has been
images/000004545.jpg	 for food. Suddenly he caught sight of a 
images/000004546.jpg	hardship. Don't be intimidated even thoug
images/000004547.jpg	d take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys d
images/000004548.jpg	 for the butterfly and removed the remaining 
images/000004549.jpg	 soccer.During the summer holiday, I want to prac
images/000004550.jpg	 modern life.What has led to this phenomeno
images/000004551.jpg	little boy found it very difficult to hammer the 
images/000004552.jpg	me fire. It will help us to keep warm”.S
images/000004553.jpg	 edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 
images/000004554.jpg	, even after continuous attempts for several hour
images/000004555.jpg	computers are now widely applied in almost 
images/000004556.jpg	n computers per week, ranging from about 
images/000004557.jpg	re was nothing the merchant could do, excep
images/000004558.jpg	sible for solving the problem. As long as both 
images/000004559.jpg	ealized what the sparrow had said was co
images/000004560.jpg	orgot what he spoke in anger, his friends a
images/000004561.jpg	ggle!Unfortunately, the butterfly looked 
images/000004562.jpg	spitable. The family gathers together to c
images/000004563.jpg	The members in a Chinese family are respe
images/000004564.jpg	 out of the cocoon. He was watching the butterfl
images/000004565.jpg	 had a very prosperous life with abundance o
images/000004566.jpg	s were on a tree. They were clinging to it
images/000004567.jpg	 can get into the society and become sociable.
images/000004568.jpg	riends. The household is always friendly
images/000004569.jpg	rld as it is, so they are the dearest pa
images/000004570.jpg	rs. He spent almost more than 10 hours with th
images/000004571.jpg	e life of thousands of cows to get the suff
images/000004572.jpg	at! Words are more painful than physical abuse!
images/000004573.jpg	many things may turn out for the better. Humani
images/000004574.jpg	ies are hospitable. The family gathers to
images/000004575.jpg	 to hear his order as it would destroy the li
images/000004576.jpg	istorical importance and pilgrim centres at dis
images/000004577.jpg	loth. Parents may not be in favor of their c
images/000004578.jpg	ink so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, mysel
images/000004579.jpg	hter and smaller and the wings would be beautifu
images/000004580.jpg	most every field of our life. Meanwhile, tha
images/000004581.jpg	d eaten so much food that he became too big t
images/000004582.jpg	 together to celebrate holidays and enter
images/000004583.jpg	, care and shelter, while friends give them
images/000004584.jpg	e not taken into account. These different id
images/000004585.jpg	He was watching the butterfly struggling 
images/000004586.jpg	apparent in the story of "The Right Son at the Ri
images/000004587.jpg	tinued to watch the butterfly and he was
images/000004588.jpg	a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had
images/000004589.jpg	ith a knife, but the wound will remain there f
images/000004590.jpg	y, so by contacting with friends one can get 
images/000004591.jpg	rtunately, even after continuous attempts for
images/000004592.jpg	e struggles the butterfly would have emerged l
images/000004593.jpg	umanism calls for us to pay closer atten
images/000004594.jpg	on. The butterfly emerged without any strugg
images/000004595.jpg	ecame angry and to lose his temper. The little b
images/000004596.jpg	en after continuous attempts for several hours,
images/000004597.jpg	Words are more painful than physical abuse
images/000004598.jpg	 passion and love for butterflies decided 
images/000004599.jpg	o family does play an important role in shaping 
images/000004600.jpg	s very much worried about the people who used
images/000004601.jpg	lies and had a craze for its wonderful combin
images/000004602.jpg	 depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a forme
images/000004603.jpg	l village, a little boy lived with his fath
images/000004604.jpg	tely, the donkey fell into the river and wasted a
images/000004605.jpg	will grow up. Parents are children's first teache
images/000004606.jpg	e many examples that demonstrate humanism. The
images/000004607.jpg	young monkeys thought it was fire.He caught 
images/000004608.jpg	haking his head.“You see. Santa Claus is only fo
images/000004609.jpg	e have different opinions on the reasons why gen
images/000004610.jpg	all over! You can stab a man with a knife, bu
images/000004611.jpg	our vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when 
images/000004612.jpg	even though you find others speaking English 
images/000004613.jpg	any things may turn out for the better. Hum
images/000004614.jpg	ght in the Tree TrunkOnce upon a time, the
images/000004615.jpg	ls. The fence never look the same! It has
images/000004616.jpg	es, the fox had eaten so much food that he be
images/000004617.jpg	ousework. She was really tired when I was go 
images/000004618.jpg	n, one should get access to a lot of readi
images/000004619.jpg	us life. However, he had regret.He had intolerab
images/000004620.jpg	sparrow came flying to its nest. The monkeys w
images/000004621.jpg	ided to travel by foot to interact with h
images/000004622.jpg	 scolded kids, neighbours and even his f
images/000004623.jpg	 about the people who used to walk along those
images/000004624.jpg	d in the body convert into wings. Thus, the 
images/000004625.jpg	ccessful English learning is perseverance
images/000004626.jpg	 lunch.The fox happily began to eat. After th
images/000004627.jpg	young man's actions were the example of hu
images/000004628.jpg	 As they reached the slippery riverbank, now del
images/000004629.jpg	lot of benefits to us. It makes us do thing
images/000004630.jpg	r for several days.Last I will help my mo
images/000004631.jpg	rld, the gap between them will be narrowed do
images/000004632.jpg	 shelter, while friends give them strength and
images/000004633.jpg	l hours, there was no progress. It seemed that th
images/000004634.jpg	forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home n
images/000004635.jpg	 short, the most essential quality for succ
images/000004636.jpg	prove the ability of English reading comprehens
images/000004637.jpg	d Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hip
images/000004638.jpg	h, care and shelter, while friends give th
images/000004639.jpg	s alternative idea. The minister told, ‘
images/000004640.jpg	terfly had been struggling very hard for hours 
images/000004641.jpg	 whether you admit it or not. When it com
images/000004642.jpg	 a great deal. There is a drastic increas
images/000004643.jpg	words. His bad temper made him fall for angry wo
images/000004644.jpg	e was no progress. It seemed that the bu
images/000004645.jpg	. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he tr
images/000004646.jpg	s, write letters, etc.Students should have some
images/000004647.jpg	 have put so much pressure on myself. One day
images/000004648.jpg	d struggle to transform from an ugly caterp
images/000004649.jpg	ne was born, the first surroundings is th
images/000004650.jpg	mmer holiday, I want to practice more to improv
images/000004651.jpg	erstand the world as it is, so they are th
images/000004652.jpg	undergo any struggle, we won’t be able to
images/000004653.jpg	ded his donkey with bags of salt to go to
images/000004654.jpg	s is only for human children,” Fritz said to 
images/000004655.jpg	ciable.In a word, families offer children warmt
images/000004656.jpg	er told, ‘Why do you want to kill the hol
images/000004657.jpg	know much about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, 
images/000004658.jpg	ntres at distant places. He decided to travel b
images/000004659.jpg	 re-loaded his donkey with bags of sponges.The 
images/000004660.jpg	ntion, only going through the struggles the but
images/000004661.jpg	I don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never s
images/000004662.jpg	roundings is the family in which he will g
images/000004663.jpg	 them open, at the same time they must keep 
images/000004664.jpg	 kindness. Unfortunately, all their attempts 
images/000004665.jpg	, the body would become lighter and smaller an
images/000004666.jpg	tried, the fox could not find food. Finall
images/000004667.jpg	ay it is used a great deal. There is a d
images/000004668.jpg	ety. Humanism calls for us to pay closer 
images/000004669.jpg	e to anger. He invited all worries for his paren
images/000004670.jpg	d and upset. He told himself, “I wish that I h
images/000004671.jpg	problem. As long as both sides keep their m
images/000004672.jpg	branches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we
images/000004673.jpg	ransform from an ugly caterpillar into a beauti
images/000004674.jpg	art in shaping children's personality. Friends 
images/000004675.jpg	ce of wealth and no misfortunes.The king
images/000004676.jpg	or food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree w
images/000004677.jpg	ie,first I will jion a soccer club,because I lik
images/000004678.jpg	tion, only going through the struggles the but
images/000004679.jpg	came flying to its nest. The monkeys were sittin
images/000004680.jpg	t was never able to live a life like a but
images/000004681.jpg	rations. Those who grow up in happy familie
images/000004682.jpg	s. He spent almost more than 10 hours with
images/000004683.jpg	d, families offer children warmth, care and sh
images/000004684.jpg	 him to hammer in the fence for 30 times on th
images/000004685.jpg	heir parents even after they get married. So a h
images/000004686.jpg	ok the same! It has scars all over! You can 
images/000004687.jpg	ld not tolerate the pain as he walked all the way
images/000004688.jpg	me he lost his temper, he ran to the fence
images/000004689.jpg	te to him?” Emily asked.“I don’t think s
images/000004690.jpg	also help accumulate and enlarge your vocabu
images/000004691.jpg	arged nor the swollen body reduced.Unfo
images/000004692.jpg	the day arrived when no nail was hammered! Ye
images/000004693.jpg	ering around the television in the evenin
images/000004694.jpg	. He knew how a butterfly would struggle to tra
images/000004695.jpg	nd had a swollen body with small and withere
images/000004696.jpg	the day arrived when no nail was hammered! 
images/000004697.jpg	re proud that their king was so kind with a g
images/000004698.jpg	ed it for different purposes. Some students nee
images/000004699.jpg	hile friends give them strength and courage
images/000004700.jpg	avior. In the event of a life-threatening em
images/000004701.jpg	t and his donkey were walking along together. T
images/000004702.jpg	 due to his bad temper. The boy used to get angr
images/000004703.jpg	osperous life with abundance of wealth and no m
images/000004704.jpg	ay it is used a great deal. There is a drast
images/000004705.jpg	 being. Some think that maybe the old generat
images/000004706.jpg	who had a passion and love for butterflies dec
images/000004707.jpg	nsform from an ugly caterpillar into a beaut
images/000004708.jpg	onsible for solving the problem. As long 
images/000004709.jpg	 the body and the wings could support the bod
images/000004710.jpg	Several days passed and the boy was able t
images/000004711.jpg	old us. “She doesn’t know much about our winters.
images/000004712.jpg	unications with them open, at the same tim
images/000004713.jpg	week, ranging from about 1.5 hours to about
images/000004714.jpg	continuous attempts for several hours, there was
images/000004715.jpg	ffort from the butterfly to come out of it
images/000004716.jpg	merchant and his donkey were walking along
images/000004717.jpg	ons were the example of humanistic behavior.
images/000004718.jpg	aded, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-
images/000004719.jpg	ng presents to animal children?” Emily a
images/000004720.jpg	aughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that i
images/000004721.jpg	 I have put so much pressure on myself. 
images/000004722.jpg	ay, my parents tell me that they don’t care ho
images/000004723.jpg	 of generation gap, people's ideas are not cut fr
images/000004724.jpg	w hard he tried, the fox could not find food. F
images/000004725.jpg	whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail p
images/000004726.jpg	chant and his DonkeyShort Stories - A Merc
images/000004727.jpg	rim centres at distant places. He decided 
images/000004728.jpg	matter how hard he tried, the fox could 
images/000004729.jpg	at is a firefly, not real fire”.The sparr
images/000004730.jpg	ill jion a soccer club,because I like playing so
images/000004731.jpg	h about our winters.”It turned out Emily also
images/000004732.jpg	some time the monkeys became very tired. Now they
images/000004733.jpg	gs.The man was happy that he made the butterf
images/000004734.jpg	 A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful s
images/000004735.jpg	lours. In fact, he used to spend a lot o
images/000004736.jpg	uality for successful English learning i
images/000004737.jpg	 examples of human goodness can remind us of
images/000004738.jpg	ish learning is perseverance in face of hardshi
images/000004739.jpg	d it to read English textbooks or jonrnals 
images/000004740.jpg	ter the fox had finished eating, he felt thirs
images/000004741.jpg	ied, the fox could not find food. Finally
images/000004742.jpg	ge. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, his f
images/000004743.jpg	oices are not taken into account. These differen
images/000004744.jpg	utterfly comes from an unappealing worm! Here is 
images/000004745.jpg	 struggling to break the shell for several
images/000004746.jpg	 through the verbal usage. While he forgot wha
images/000004747.jpg	butterfly might expand the wings, shrink the body
images/000004748.jpg	eral days passed and the boy was able to
images/000004749.jpg	appily began to eat. After the fox had fi
images/000004750.jpg	le he forgot what he spoke in anger, his
images/000004751.jpg	onment of living, friends make another important
images/000004752.jpg	fer children warmth, care and shelter, while frie
images/000004753.jpg	few days, the number of nails hammered on the 
images/000004754.jpg	 be in favor of their children's hairstyle and w
images/000004755.jpg	ommunications with them open, at the same time
images/000004756.jpg	 hungry. No matter how hard he tried, th
images/000004757.jpg	he story of "The Right Son at the Right Time"
images/000004758.jpg	little boy were very depressed due to his bad 
images/000004759.jpg	y lived under the rule of a king. The people
images/000004760.jpg	 make another important part in shaping children
images/000004761.jpg	 to do. For exampie,first I will jion a s
images/000004762.jpg	 ministers were stunned to hear his order 
images/000004763.jpg	k became lighter.There was nothing the merchan
images/000004764.jpg	nt me to be happy. I know I should relax mys
images/000004765.jpg	unately, the butterfly looked no longer be
images/000004766.jpg	to the problem of generation gap, people's idea
images/000004767.jpg	 soldier extended a helping hand to the o
images/000004768.jpg	vin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically d
images/000004769.jpg	 of leather cut in appropriate shape to c
images/000004770.jpg	nt purposes. Some students need it to read En
images/000004771.jpg	 ministry came to the king and said that he had 
images/000004772.jpg	 I was go to school. Except for taking care of 
images/000004773.jpg	he fence was reduced to half. The little
images/000004774.jpg	is perseverance in face of hardship. Don't be int
images/000004775.jpg	lly tired when I was go to school. Except
images/000004776.jpg	 speaking English better than you. Partic
images/000004777.jpg	 package. The hungry fox immediately thoug
images/000004778.jpg	ags of salt to go to the market in order to sell
images/000004779.jpg	w, it involves several reasons. With the ra
images/000004780.jpg	 Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arth
images/000004781.jpg	oles in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out
images/000004782.jpg	 will show my paper to my parents, they are so ha
images/000004783.jpg	er, there remained a few nails that the boy 
images/000004784.jpg	ter. Humanism makes the world a more beauti
images/000004785.jpg	et out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fo
images/000004786.jpg	old man in time of need. The young man's ac
images/000004787.jpg	s dynamic pair began a journey through spa
images/000004788.jpg	 he forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends an
images/000004789.jpg	ing to do many things that I want to do. For 
images/000004790.jpg	 Why do we die? For all the answers, stic
images/000004791.jpg	ort Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beau
images/000004792.jpg	about the whole idea. Let’s go home now before y
images/000004793.jpg	 change this for the betterment and happ
images/000004794.jpg	 A group of monkeys were on a tree. They were
images/000004795.jpg	s donkey with more bags of salt. As they reached
images/000004796.jpg	oon to make larger opening for the butterfly a
images/000004797.jpg	vor of their children's hairstyle and wei
images/000004798.jpg	her to celebrate holidays and entertain 
images/000004799.jpg	ng around the television in the evening.
images/000004800.jpg	le and accompany them. People of distant places
images/000004801.jpg	ing.I am going to do many things that I want t
images/000004802.jpg	write to him?” Emily asked.“I don’t think so,
images/000004803.jpg	his ministers that the roads weren’t comf
images/000004804.jpg	 and decided to leave the trunk and drink 
images/000004805.jpg	enly they noticed a flock of fireflies. 
images/000004806.jpg	r opening for the butterfly and removed the
images/000004807.jpg	? Why are we born? Why do we die? For all the ans
images/000004808.jpg	cissors and tweaked the cocoon to make lar
images/000004809.jpg	 humanism can be as important as actual medical
images/000004810.jpg	man needs and seeks rational ways of solving h
images/000004811.jpg	arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy 
images/000004812.jpg	ough the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even 
images/000004813.jpg	ear shoes. FoolsIt was a cold and silent nig
images/000004814.jpg	e was no progress. It seemed that the butterf
images/000004815.jpg	Now they realized what the sparrow had said 
images/000004816.jpg	d wings.The man was happy that he made th
images/000004817.jpg	, only going through the struggles the butterfly
images/000004818.jpg	zed what the sparrow had said was correct.They
images/000004819.jpg	. He loved butterflies and had a craze for 
images/000004820.jpg	tition, the price has been marked down over and 
images/000004821.jpg	stem of beliefs that focuses on common hu
images/000004822.jpg	o kill the holy animal cow to cover the road wit
images/000004823.jpg	 others with his words. His bad temper mad
images/000004824.jpg	 several reasons. With the rapid progressi
images/000004825.jpg	 to travel by foot to interact with his peopl
images/000004826.jpg	ain so that many people can afford their own
images/000004827.jpg	parents of the little boy were very depressed 
images/000004828.jpg	 must keep in mind that different things ap
images/000004829.jpg	on the first day! Every time he lost his t
images/000004830.jpg	ved when no nail was hammered! Yet, the 
images/000004831.jpg	 could see his fellow people leading a propitiou
images/000004832.jpg	y fell into the river and wasted all the bags o
images/000004833.jpg	t competition, the price has been marked down o
images/000004834.jpg	e struggles the butterfly would have eme
images/000004835.jpg	ow, his father told him to remove the nails ev
images/000004836.jpg	m going to do many things that I want to do. For
images/000004837.jpg	e”. The monkeys did not listen to the sparrow.
images/000004838.jpg	hy generation gap comes into being. Some thi
images/000004839.jpg	the butterfly. The butterfly had been strugg
images/000004840.jpg	autiful and large.If we don’t want to undergo 
images/000004841.jpg	nd the fierce market competition, the pri
images/000004842.jpg	 donkey’s trick. He then returned home agai
images/000004843.jpg	it hilarious and accepted to do what his fathe
images/000004844.jpg	ay to enjoy its world. He decided to sit ove
images/000004845.jpg	s several reasons. With the rapid progressing of 
images/000004846.jpg	ers together to celebrate holidays and e
images/000004847.jpg	butterflies decided to help the butterfly. H
images/000004848.jpg	 said to Emily. “So forget about the whole i
images/000004849.jpg	nately, all their attempts failed. Finally, the
images/000004850.jpg	king for something to eat. He was very hung
images/000004851.jpg	e made an order to cover the road of the whole 
images/000004852.jpg	 to hammer in the fence for 30 times on th
images/000004853.jpg	 a person's growth. One is family, and the
images/000004854.jpg	 so that people might feel comfortable, i
images/000004855.jpg	ces were so happy to have a conversation 
images/000004856.jpg	 with the disappearance of all the ballpoint 
images/000004857.jpg	d to the fence was reduced and the day arri
images/000004858.jpg	the butterfly was trying to make its way to
images/000004859.jpg	 several weeks, he returned to the palace.
images/000004860.jpg	th sides keep their minds open to each o
images/000004861.jpg	e who grow up in happy families tend to have
images/000004862.jpg	ad with leather? Rather, you can just have a 
images/000004863.jpg	me cloth. Parents may not be in favor of t
images/000004864.jpg	ey were walking along together. They had n
images/000004865.jpg	e story of "The Right Son at the Right Time"
images/000004866.jpg	 are respectively more than in other countrie
images/000004867.jpg	y and to lose his temper. The little boy f
images/000004868.jpg	ce market competition, the price has been marke
images/000004869.jpg	 ministry came to the king and said that he had 
images/000004870.jpg	n would let the fluid stored in the body conve
images/000004871.jpg	ing hand to the old man in time of need. 
images/000004872.jpg	utes to household duties, including the c
images/000004873.jpg	ing to eat it for his lunch.The fox happily 
images/000004874.jpg	 lot of time around butterflies. He knew how 
images/000004875.jpg	he boy used to get angry very soon and taunt ot
images/000004876.jpg	rations. Those who grow up in happy families 
images/000004877.jpg	not pull out a few nails. The fence never
images/000004878.jpg	little boy found it very difficult to ham
images/000004879.jpg	 a knife, but the wound will remain there forever
images/000004880.jpg	you can just have a piece of leather cut in appr
images/000004881.jpg	ers.The computer has brought a lot of benefits 
images/000004882.jpg	end English lectures, while some students n
images/000004883.jpg	iends are the connections between children and 
images/000004884.jpg	ery tired. Now they realized what the sparro
images/000004885.jpg	ere he loaded his donkey with more bags of 
images/000004886.jpg	with withered wings and huge body. It was
images/000004887.jpg	ism. If we treat our fellows with respect and tol
images/000004888.jpg	a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that the but
images/000004889.jpg	 and he was quite eager to watch the butterfly 
images/000004890.jpg	hey reached the slippery riverbank, now delibe
images/000004891.jpg	his father gave him a huge bag of nails. He ask
images/000004892.jpg	 the civilized world humanism plays an i
images/000004893.jpg	nto the river and noticed that the bags of
images/000004894.jpg	he ran to the fence and hammered a nail. 
images/000004895.jpg	 the event of a life-threatening emergency, hum
images/000004896.jpg	hildren's first teachers, so family does 
images/000004897.jpg	the whole country with leather so that pe
images/000004898.jpg	n important role in shaping children's character.
images/000004899.jpg	o pull out most of the nails from the fence. Howe
images/000004900.jpg	nkey with more bags of salt. As they reached
images/000004901.jpg	. She was really tired when I was go to sch
images/000004902.jpg	. He loved butterflies and had a craze for it
images/000004903.jpg	tting on the same tree. She noticed what they wer
images/000004904.jpg	iver he again fell into the water. But i
images/000004905.jpg	 perseverance in face of hardship. Don't
images/000004906.jpg	ou. Participate in all oral activities. 
images/000004907.jpg	y foot to interact with his people and acc
images/000004908.jpg	 spent almost more than 10 hours with the cocoo
images/000004909.jpg	ed down in time. Both sides should talk over thei
images/000004910.jpg	ming.I am going to do many things that I wa
images/000004911.jpg	ter told, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy anim
images/000004912.jpg	der the rule of a king. The people of the ki
images/000004913.jpg	food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree
images/000004914.jpg	y lived with his father and mother. He wa
images/000004915.jpg	Santa Claus,” I explained, “brings presents a
images/000004916.jpg	arance of all the ballpoint pens he's bough
images/000004917.jpg	tivities. The more you speak, the better your sp
images/000004918.jpg	silent night. The weather was freezing. A group 
images/000004919.jpg	t hilarious and accepted to do what his 
images/000004920.jpg	 very much.I want to stay with her for several d
images/000004921.jpg	shelter, while friends give them strength a
images/000004922.jpg	I like playing soccer.During the summer 
images/000004923.jpg	. But I have put so much pressure on myself. One 
images/000004924.jpg	h. Parents may not be in favor of their ch
images/000004925.jpg	role in shaping children's character. As parents
images/000004926.jpg	s both sides keep their minds open to eac
images/000004927.jpg	ys were sitting on the same tree. She noticed wha
images/000004928.jpg	thought a little before jumping into the hole
images/000004929.jpg	 and over again so that many people can afford th
images/000004930.jpg	ighter and smaller and the wings would be 
images/000004931.jpg	d relax myself and be happy.A Hole in the
images/000004932.jpg	are so happy to see me do well in the exam. 
images/000004933.jpg	e to improve my skills.Second I will go 
images/000004934.jpg	the butterfly would have emerged like any othe
images/000004935.jpg	n live with their parents even after they ge
images/000004936.jpg	 anger and develop kindness. Unfortunately
images/000004937.jpg	aus is only for human children,” Fritz said to Em
images/000004938.jpg	tand their children and keep the lines of commu
images/000004939.jpg	s hammered to the fence was reduced and the d
images/000004940.jpg	you think he will come if I write to him?” E
images/000004941.jpg	fe. However, he had regret.He had intoler
images/000004942.jpg	thers together to celebrate holidays and entertai
images/000004943.jpg	stry came to the king and said that he had 
images/000004944.jpg	, families offer children warmth, care and shel
images/000004945.jpg	whole country with leather so that peopl
images/000004946.jpg	 fence was reduced to half. The little bo
images/000004947.jpg	ces of historical importance and pilgrim centr
images/000004948.jpg	d the day arrived when no nail was hammered! 
images/000004949.jpg	 even though you find others speaking English
images/000004950.jpg	were sitting on the same tree. She noticed wh
images/000004951.jpg	arning. It requires much time, commitment a
images/000004952.jpg	f the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox ha
images/000004953.jpg	days that he did not hammer any nail and he did n
images/000004954.jpg	by foot to interact with his people and 
images/000004955.jpg	dents need to use it to talk to English-speake
images/000004956.jpg	days, the number of nails hammered on the fe
images/000004957.jpg	nglish well. In order to improve the abilit
images/000004958.jpg	ehold consisting of three generations is common
images/000004959.jpg	d kids, neighbours and even his friends due 
images/000004960.jpg	ppery riverbank, now deliberately, the donkey f
images/000004961.jpg	 home where he loaded his donkey with mo
images/000004962.jpg	eneration gap, people's ideas are not cut from t
images/000004963.jpg	irit of humanism is apparent in the story
images/000004964.jpg	f benefits to us. It makes us do things more 
images/000004965.jpg	ull out most of the nails from the fence. How
images/000004966.jpg	joined in his effort.A sparrow came flying to i
images/000004967.jpg	As they reached the slippery riverbank, now delib
images/000004968.jpg	erfly. The butterfly had been struggling very ha
images/000004969.jpg	uded the minister. He ordered for a pair of 
images/000004970.jpg	lived with his father and mother. He was
images/000004971.jpg	temper. The little boy found it hilarious
images/000004972.jpg	 they were doing. The sparrow laughed. S
images/000004973.jpg	worm! Here is the story of a butterfly th
images/000004974.jpg	e asked his son to hammer one nail to the 
images/000004975.jpg	d, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cockt
images/000004976.jpg	he civilized world humanism plays an important
images/000004977.jpg	ever seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She doe
images/000004978.jpg	, this dynamic pair began a journey through spa
images/000004979.jpg	a person's growth. One is family, and the
images/000004980.jpg	manism plays an important role in the ma
images/000004981.jpg	am, they just want me to be happy. I know I sho
images/000004982.jpg	ys were sitting on the same tree. She noticed 
images/000004983.jpg	n trees in the forest. He was going to ea
images/000004984.jpg	rn a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based adv
images/000004985.jpg	he butterfly and he was quite eager to wat
images/000004986.jpg	 which affect a person's growth. One is f
images/000004987.jpg	nd shelter, while friends give them strength and
images/000004988.jpg	ldren to have much time left for animals.
images/000004989.jpg	a nail. In the next few days, the number of nai
images/000004990.jpg	es and keeps our minds open to better ways 
images/000004991.jpg	ox that was looking for something to eat. H
images/000004992.jpg	you speak, the better your spoken English will be
images/000004993.jpg	ent in the story of "The Right Son at the Righ
images/000004994.jpg	ings.He thought that at any time, the butte
images/000004995.jpg	ing new. Their voices are not taken into ac
images/000004996.jpg	ipped and fell into the river and noticed 
images/000004997.jpg	 The sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly mon
images/000004998.jpg	 face of hardship. Don't be intimidated even t
images/000004999.jpg	aying soccer.During the summer holiday, I 
images/000005000.jpg	r were like that! Words are more painful 
images/000005001.jpg	 re-loaded his donkey with bags of sponges
images/000005002.jpg	ty. Humanism calls for us to pay closer attention
images/000005003.jpg	 help the butterfly. He got a pair of sciss
images/000005004.jpg	his order as it would destroy the life of 
images/000005005.jpg	 with a knife, but the wound will remain t
images/000005006.jpg	he became angry and to lose his temper. T
images/000005007.jpg	ations with them open, at the same time the
images/000005008.jpg	 ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In th
images/000005009.jpg	with the cocoon and the butterfly. The b
images/000005010.jpg	mon human needs and seeks rational ways 
images/000005011.jpg	should be responsible for solving the pro
images/000005012.jpg	ime the monkeys became very tired. Now they real
images/000005013.jpg	ow your heart!”A Merchant and his Donkey
images/000005014.jpg	em strength and courage. They both help childre
images/000005015.jpg	n returned home again but re-loaded his do
images/000005016.jpg	ther consoled him in many ways to give up
images/000005017.jpg	ere so happy to have a conversation with thei
images/000005018.jpg	ife in ChinaThe members in a Chinese fa
images/000005019.jpg	 almost every field of our life. Meanwhile, th
images/000005020.jpg	ple happily lived under the rule of a king
images/000005021.jpg	 the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMilla
images/000005022.jpg	ather shoes for him and requested the countrym
images/000005023.jpg	usehold consisting of three generations is commo
images/000005024.jpg	he summer holiday, I want to practice more to
images/000005025.jpg	s part of the forest for many years. I guess he i
images/000005026.jpg	. Use them to embrace the relationships. Use t
images/000005027.jpg	 well in the exam, they just want me to be
images/000005028.jpg	leather shoes for him and requested the countryme
images/000005029.jpg	terflies. He knew how a butterfly would st
images/000005030.jpg	sked - what was his alternative idea. The min
images/000005031.jpg	s parents, they should learn to understand 
images/000005032.jpg	hrough space aided by a galaxyful of fellow trav
images/000005033.jpg	 remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged 
images/000005034.jpg	her so that people might feel comfortable, immedi
images/000005035.jpg	t free the firefly and moved to a nearby cave.
images/000005036.jpg	portant role in the maintenance of our soc
images/000005037.jpg	is alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why
images/000005038.jpg	sehold is always friendly, welcoming, and generou
images/000005039.jpg	ffort from the butterfly to come out of i
images/000005040.jpg	g morning, a merchant loaded his donkey 
images/000005041.jpg	uch food that he became too big to fit thr
images/000005042.jpg	gs would be beautiful and large.If we do
images/000005043.jpg	s to keep warm”.Suddenly they noticed a f
images/000005044.jpg	t want to undergo any struggle, we won’t be abl
images/000005045.jpg	y were clinging to its branches. One of the 
images/000005046.jpg	ies offer the environment of living, frie
images/000005047.jpg	on’t care how I do well in the exam, they just w
images/000005048.jpg	ls. He asked his son to hammer one nail to the fe
images/000005049.jpg	much about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo
images/000005050.jpg	y fly with its beautiful wings.He thought t
images/000005051.jpg	 around this part of the forest for many 
images/000005052.jpg	, the boy did not lose his temper. He told 
images/000005053.jpg	he boy did not lose his temper. He told his fat
images/000005054.jpg	 his order as it would destroy the life of thou
images/000005055.jpg	ls hammered to the fence was reduced and the da
images/000005056.jpg	d totally out-to-lunch president of the ga
images/000005057.jpg	nails from the fence. However, there rema
images/000005058.jpg	 hard he tried, he could not get out of the hole.
images/000005059.jpg	up his anger and develop kindness. Unfortuna
images/000005060.jpg	, with several generations gathering around the
images/000005061.jpg	e of me, she also has to work. Therefore, I wa
images/000005062.jpg	ked far when they reached a river on the 
images/000005063.jpg	l hours. He spent almost more than 10 hours wi
images/000005064.jpg	tterfly would have emerged like any other b
images/000005065.jpg	friends. The household is always friendly, wel
images/000005066.jpg	 to English-speakers, attend seminars, write
images/000005067.jpg	nto being. Some think that maybe the old 
images/000005068.jpg	we born? Why do we die? For all the answers, st
images/000005069.jpg	 man was happy that he made the butterfly co
images/000005070.jpg	r bad temper and anger were like that! Wor
images/000005071.jpg	other cultures and keeps our minds open to 
images/000005072.jpg	f cows to get the sufficient quantity of l
images/000005073.jpg	s beautiful wings.He thought that at any tim
images/000005074.jpg	 English-speakers, attend seminars, write lett
images/000005075.jpg	pointing to the hole, ‘What do you see th
images/000005076.jpg	k. She was really tired when I was go to school
images/000005077.jpg	l machine. Today it is used a great deal. T
images/000005078.jpg	rvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronica
images/000005079.jpg	ad controlled his anger. Several days passe
images/000005080.jpg	utterfly just crawled around with wither
images/000005081.jpg	butterfly that was never able to live a l
images/000005082.jpg	ds make another important part in shaping 
images/000005083.jpg	o Emily. “So forget about the whole idea. Let’s 
images/000005084.jpg	n it, and he became very happy. He jumped
images/000005085.jpg	in as he walked all the way through the 
images/000005086.jpg	n, only going through the struggles the bu
images/000005087.jpg	e wound will remain there forever. Your bad t
images/000005088.jpg	m about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The num
images/000005089.jpg	ing to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on 
images/000005090.jpg	d see his fellow people leading a propitiou
images/000005091.jpg	s were sitting on the same tree. She noticed w
images/000005092.jpg	hings that I want to do. For exampie,first I will
images/000005093.jpg	he fence never look the same! It has scars
images/000005094.jpg	und this part of the forest for many years. I 
images/000005095.jpg	ough the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after
images/000005096.jpg	minds open to better ways of seeing thing
images/000005097.jpg	t essential quality for successful English
images/000005098.jpg	sell them. The merchant and his donkey were wa
images/000005099.jpg	e than 10 hours with the cocoon and the butterfl
images/000005100.jpg	wish we could find some fire. It will help 
images/000005101.jpg	y his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the r
images/000005102.jpg	and introduced her.“Emily is from the S
images/000005103.jpg	es from an unappealing worm! Here is the 
images/000005104.jpg	y get married. So a household consisting of 
images/000005105.jpg	stionand applauded the minister. He ord
images/000005106.jpg	cover the road with leather? Rather, you can j
images/000005107.jpg	ver, no matter how hard he tried, he cou
images/000005108.jpg	flies. One of the young monkeys thought it was 
images/000005109.jpg	ecided to leave the trunk and drink some water 
images/000005110.jpg	 should get access to a lot of reading materials
images/000005111.jpg	d attend English lectures, while some students ne
images/000005112.jpg	ntinuous effort from the butterfly to come ou
images/000005113.jpg	 a big tree with a hole in it.Inside the
images/000005114.jpg	ow deliberately, the donkey fell into the 
images/000005115.jpg	ral hours, there was no progress. It seemed
images/000005116.jpg	nately, neither the wings expanded or enlarged n
images/000005117.jpg	swollen body reduced.Unfortunately, the butterfl
images/000005118.jpg	ath.He said he was very much worried about th
images/000005119.jpg	hat was never able to live a life like a 
images/000005120.jpg	ng man's actions were the example of huma
images/000005121.jpg	he environment of living, friends make another
images/000005122.jpg	ence and hammered a nail. In the next few da
images/000005123.jpg	 the environment of living, friends make anothe
images/000005124.jpg	d to go on a travel to visit places of his
images/000005125.jpg	 so that people might feel comfortable, i
images/000005126.jpg	rs and tweaked the cocoon to make larger open
images/000005127.jpg	ealing worm! Here is the story of a butterf
images/000005128.jpg	ho can drop in on friends and relatives without 
images/000005129.jpg	ow, it involves several reasons. With the 
images/000005130.jpg	 of monkeys were on a tree. They were clinging 
images/000005131.jpg	endly, welcoming, and generous to visitor
images/000005132.jpg	ultures and keeps our minds open to better 
images/000005133.jpg	kills.Second I will go to my grandma's house
images/000005134.jpg	 with respect and tolerance, many things may t
images/000005135.jpg	ly was trying to make its way to enjoy its
images/000005136.jpg	ll in the exam, they just want me to be happy. I
images/000005137.jpg	ried about the people who used to walk along tho
images/000005138.jpg	the Right Time". The soldier extended a helping h
images/000005139.jpg	 Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about the whol
images/000005140.jpg	e of wealth and no misfortunes.The king decided
images/000005141.jpg	erfly to come out of its cocoon would let th
images/000005142.jpg	 the boy could not pull out.The boy told h
images/000005143.jpg	e South and has never seen snow before,” Fri
images/000005144.jpg	ckage. The hungry fox immediately thought 
images/000005145.jpg	live a life like a butterfly!One day, a man saw
images/000005146.jpg	ing hand to the old man in time of need. The yo
images/000005147.jpg	- A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring m
images/000005148.jpg	k, the better your spoken English will be. 
images/000005149.jpg	eird clothes. Young people either turn a 
images/000005150.jpg	butterflies decided to help the butterfly. H
images/000005151.jpg	eing things. Computers largely broaden our
images/000005152.jpg	er ways of seeing things. Computers largel
images/000005153.jpg	en into account. These different ideas disturb b
images/000005154.jpg	arrow. They continued to blow at our poor firefly
images/000005155.jpg	come out through the tiny opening. Unfortu
images/000005156.jpg	ions should be responsible for solving th
images/000005157.jpg	e some ideal qualities to succeed in Engl
images/000005158.jpg	 said to Emily. “So forget about the whole idea.
images/000005159.jpg	s the world a more beautiful place to live 
images/000005160.jpg	ed: “I think all of you should take shelter in a
images/000005161.jpg	ccasional examples of human goodness can r
images/000005162.jpg	t access to a lot of reading materials, which ca
images/000005163.jpg	ay closer attention to our fellows. Occa
images/000005164.jpg	es, the fox had eaten so much food that 
images/000005165.jpg	ral generations gathering around the televis
images/000005166.jpg	 I was go to school. Except for taking care 
images/000005167.jpg	 its wonderful combination of colours. In
images/000005168.jpg	 the butterfly to come out of its cocoon would le
images/000005169.jpg	ngry very soon and taunt others with his wor
images/000005170.jpg	r and father consoled him in many ways to gi
images/000005171.jpg	e of all the ballpoint pens he's bought ove
images/000005172.jpg	her, this dynamic pair began a journey thr
images/000005173.jpg	ion gap comes into being. Some think that mayb
images/000005174.jpg	isiting all the human children to have much time 
images/000005175.jpg	pring. However, no matter how hard he tried, 
images/000005176.jpg	 freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the p
images/000005177.jpg	dness. Unfortunately, all their attempts failed.
images/000005178.jpg	there might be food in it, and he became 
images/000005179.jpg	erable pain in his feet as it was his first trip 
images/000005180.jpg	ractice more to improve my skills.Second
images/000005181.jpg	Again, you cannot pull out a few nails. The
images/000005182.jpg	ig, a former graduate student obsessed with the 
images/000005183.jpg	 to his ministers that the roads weren’t comfor
images/000005184.jpg	erful machine. Today it is used a great 
images/000005185.jpg	 of nails. He asked his son to hammer one 
images/000005186.jpg	the body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings 
images/000005187.jpg	to the water. But instead of the load becomin
images/000005188.jpg	 Except for taking care of me, she also has
images/000005189.jpg	He thought that at any time, the butterfl
images/000005190.jpg	ts way to enjoy its world. He decided to si
images/000005191.jpg	 palace. He was quite happy that he visited
images/000005192.jpg	dma's house,because I miss her very much.I want t
images/000005193.jpg	better your spoken English will be. Nothing 
images/000005194.jpg	 pull out most of the nails from the fence. How
images/000005195.jpg	r how hard he tried, he could not get out of the
images/000005196.jpg	than physical abuse! Use words for good. Use the
images/000005197.jpg	graduate student obsessed with the disap
images/000005198.jpg	ding the children. Chinese families tend to soc
images/000005199.jpg	hool. Except for taking care of me, she als
images/000005200.jpg	f a butterfly that was never able to live a li
images/000005201.jpg	. Finally he went to the edge of the fore
images/000005202.jpg	large your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed
images/000005203.jpg	or animals.”“Do you think he will come if I wr
images/000005204.jpg	 in his feet as it was his first trip by 
images/000005205.jpg	 which he will grow up. Parents are children
images/000005206.jpg	idea.The king asked - what was his alternati
images/000005207.jpg	ngry fox that was looking for something t
images/000005208.jpg	that I want to do. For exampie,first I will ji
images/000005209.jpg	le to live a life like a butterfly!One day, a 
images/000005210.jpg	e much time left for animals.”“Do you think
images/000005211.jpg	neration gap, people's ideas are not cut from the
images/000005212.jpg	f communications with them open, at the same
images/000005213.jpg	actor.Together, this dynamic pair began
images/000005214.jpg	s go to school. Except for taking care of me, 
images/000005215.jpg	 they were doing. The sparrow laughed. She 
images/000005216.jpg	ms with each other actively, sincerely and 
images/000005217.jpg	 placed the food in the tree trunk while he
images/000005218.jpg	idays and entertain friends. The househol
images/000005219.jpg	lays an important role in the maintenance
images/000005220.jpg	me students need it to read English textbooks o
images/000005221.jpg	ing soccer.During the summer holiday, I want 
images/000005222.jpg	de him fall for angry words. He scolded kids, nei
images/000005223.jpg	 to watch the butterfly fly with its beautiful w
images/000005224.jpg	ith the disappearance of all the ballpoint
images/000005225.jpg	hen no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy di
images/000005226.jpg	rstand their children and keep the lines o
images/000005227.jpg	progressing of the society, computers are 
images/000005228.jpg	fly to come out of its cocoon would let the fl
images/000005229.jpg	 ranging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours.
images/000005230.jpg	mmered on the fence was reduced to half. The li
images/000005231.jpg	at I want to do. For exampie,first I will jion a 
images/000005232.jpg	’t comfortable and were very stony. He coul
images/000005233.jpg	 boy told his father about the same.  The fathe
images/000005234.jpg	 and totally out-to-lunch president of the 
images/000005235.jpg	tony. He could not tolerate the pain as he walke
images/000005236.jpg	ents should have some ideal qualities to
images/000005237.jpg	d to Emily. “So forget about the whole i
images/000005238.jpg	y, the butterfly looked no longer beautif
images/000005239.jpg	to being. Some think that maybe the old g
images/000005240.jpg	e of need. The young man's actions were the examp
images/000005241.jpg	luence a person's growth. There are two a
images/000005242.jpg	y not be in favor of their children's hai
images/000005243.jpg	 does play an important role in shaping chi
images/000005244.jpg	ant places were so happy to have a conve
images/000005245.jpg	hat they were doing. The sparrow laughed. She
images/000005246.jpg	boy found it hilarious and accepted to do w
images/000005247.jpg	rd for hours to come out through the tiny open
images/000005248.jpg	temper, he ran to the fence and hammered a nail. 
images/000005249.jpg	ds of cows to get the sufficient quantit
images/000005250.jpg	rself and not The WorldLong ago, people
images/000005251.jpg	epressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a for
images/000005252.jpg	lmost all the students need English and the
images/000005253.jpg	in almost every field of our life. Meanwhile, tha
images/000005254.jpg	place to live in.
images/000005255.jpg	 without previous invitation.Chinese families a
images/000005256.jpg	d. Now they realized what the sparrow had said wa
images/000005257.jpg	e quickly. Further more, it gives us insights i
images/000005258.jpg	at the Right Time". The soldier extended a he
images/000005259.jpg	 personality. Friends are the connections
images/000005260.jpg	ot walked far when they reached a river on t
images/000005261.jpg	-to-lunch president of the galaxy; Trillian
images/000005262.jpg	days and entertain friends. The household is 
images/000005263.jpg	ter from a nearby spring. However, no matter ho
images/000005264.jpg	elcoming, and generous to visitors who can drop 
images/000005265.jpg	er how hard he tried, the fox could not find
images/000005266.jpg	the world as it is, so they are the dearest par
images/000005267.jpg	ccasional examples of human goodness can r
images/000005268.jpg	ys were sitting on the same tree. She noticed 
images/000005269.jpg	 as he walked all the way through the rough path.
images/000005270.jpg	 several generations gathering around the televis
images/000005271.jpg	he cocoon to make larger opening for the but
images/000005272.jpg	coon and the butterfly. The butterfly had been
images/000005273.jpg	rassed when making some embarrassing mis
images/000005274.jpg	want to kill the holy animal cow to cover
images/000005275.jpg	nglish lectures, while some students need to us
images/000005276.jpg	 Claus is only for human children,” Fritz said 
images/000005277.jpg	ease of the hours that people spend on compu
images/000005278.jpg	. Occasional examples of human goodness can remin
images/000005279.jpg	utiful and had a swollen body with small 
images/000005280.jpg	ut the same.  The father appreciated him an
images/000005281.jpg	 the holidays.What will you do on Summer 
images/000005282.jpg	e roads as it would be painful for them to
images/000005283.jpg	ity. Each member of the family contributes to h
images/000005284.jpg	n (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfrien
images/000005285.jpg	 - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautifu
images/000005286.jpg	t the sufficient quantity of leather and it wo
images/000005287.jpg	 all through its life.Although the man d
images/000005288.jpg	 the donkey fell into the river and wasted all th
images/000005289.jpg	going to do many things that I want to do. For
images/000005290.jpg	s between children and the society, so by c
images/000005291.jpg	pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to mak
images/000005292.jpg	cut down trees in the forest. He was going to 
images/000005293.jpg	e can get into the society and become sociabl
images/000005294.jpg	m the fence. However, there remained a few na
images/000005295.jpg	efect, a researcher for the revised edition of Th
images/000005296.jpg	 galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beebl
images/000005297.jpg	r his order as it would destroy the life of thou
images/000005298.jpg	e_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been ar
images/000005299.jpg	 a beautiful one.He saw a cocoon with tiny o
images/000005300.jpg	o used to walk along those roads as it wo
images/000005301.jpg	feet as it was his first trip by foot to longer 
images/000005302.jpg	es for him and requested the countrymen t
images/000005303.jpg	 a knife, but the wound will remain there 
images/000005304.jpg	 is always friendly, welcoming, and generous to 
images/000005305.jpg	Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised editio
images/000005306.jpg	udent obsessed with the disappearance of all the 
images/000005307.jpg	eautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded
images/000005308.jpg	he ability of English reading comprehension,
images/000005309.jpg	, welcoming, and generous to visitors who
images/000005310.jpg	per, he ran to the fence and hammered a nail. I
images/000005311.jpg	illan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur trie
images/000005312.jpg	 paper to my parents, they are so happy to se
images/000005313.jpg	 not find food. Finally he went to the edge of
images/000005314.jpg	ance and pilgrim centres at distant places. He de
images/000005315.jpg	cluding the children. Chinese families tend 
images/000005316.jpg	 household duties, including the children. Chi
images/000005317.jpg	uickly. Further more, it gives us insights into 
images/000005318.jpg	neration GapGeneration gap exists in ou
images/000005319.jpg	h and has never seen snow before,” Fritz told us
images/000005320.jpg	down over and over again so that many people can
images/000005321.jpg	o visit places of historical importance and pi
images/000005322.jpg	alactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off 
images/000005323.jpg	ted the countrymen to wear shoes. FoolsIt was a 
images/000005324.jpg	thers together to celebrate holidays and enterta
images/000005325.jpg	ns. Those who grow up in happy families tend to
images/000005326.jpg	x had eaten so much food that he became too big 
images/000005327.jpg	 nails hammered on the fence was reduced to hal
images/000005328.jpg	Finally, the boy’s father came up with an idea
images/000005329.jpg	old himself, “I wish that I had thought 
images/000005330.jpg	fox had eaten so much food that he became
images/000005331.jpg	hole idea. Let’s go home now before you catch a 
images/000005332.jpg	 Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering i
images/000005333.jpg	er made him fall for angry words. He scolded ki
images/000005334.jpg	and accompany them. People of distant place
images/000005335.jpg	 wealth and no misfortunes.The king decided 
images/000005336.jpg	 obsessed with the disappearance of all the ba
images/000005337.jpg	eather was freezing. A group of monkeys we
images/000005338.jpg	 with good intention, only going through the stru
images/000005339.jpg	ent almost more than 10 hours with the coco
images/000005340.jpg	d have emerged like any other beautiful b
images/000005341.jpg	, care and shelter, while friends give them str
images/000005342.jpg	tell me that they don’t care how I do well in th
images/000005343.jpg	duced and the day arrived when no nail was h
images/000005344.jpg	d had a craze for its wonderful combination of 
images/000005345.jpg	od's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up a
images/000005346.jpg	 nest. The monkeys were sitting on the same 
images/000005347.jpg	sty and decided to leave the trunk and dri
images/000005348.jpg	ails hammered on the fence was reduced to 
images/000005349.jpg	 can be as important as actual medical treatm
images/000005350.jpg	ve emerged like any other beautiful butterf
images/000005351.jpg	pped and fell into the river and noticed t
images/000005352.jpg	s were your bad temper and they were hammered on 
images/000005353.jpg	 Parents may not be in favor of their child
images/000005354.jpg	ell for several hours. He spent almost more than
images/000005355.jpg	ter is a wonderful machine. Today it is used a g
images/000005356.jpg	d. Use them to embrace the relationships. Use th
images/000005357.jpg	, they are so happy to see me do well in 
images/000005358.jpg	 trip by foot to longer distance. He complai
images/000005359.jpg	ve him a huge bag of nails. He asked his son to
images/000005360.jpg	alking along together. They had not walk
images/000005361.jpg	ll over! You can stab a man with a knife,
images/000005362.jpg	ildren live with their parents even after they g
images/000005363.jpg	ery time he lost his temper, he ran to the fe
images/000005364.jpg	found it hilarious and accepted to do what his f
images/000005365.jpg	id stored in the body convert into wings. T
images/000005366.jpg	comfortable and were very stony. He could 
images/000005367.jpg	o fly!Christmas SurpriseIt was two days
images/000005368.jpg	know I should relax myself and be happy.
images/000005369.jpg	ing to eat it for his lunch.The fox happily 
images/000005370.jpg	 the whole country with leather so that people
images/000005371.jpg	ce more to improve my skills.Second I will go to 
images/000005372.jpg	l the holy animal cow to cover the road with 
images/000005373.jpg	ery happy as they had a very prosperous life w
images/000005374.jpg	rder to improve the ability of English read
images/000005375.jpg	more you speak, the better your spoken English wi
images/000005376.jpg	ing. It meant that the butterfly was trying t
images/000005377.jpg	. The boy used to get angry very soon and taun
images/000005378.jpg	of a king. The people of the kingdom were ver
images/000005379.jpg	 nails were your bad temper and they were 
images/000005380.jpg	gs. Thus, the body would become lighter and smal
images/000005381.jpg	eal. There is a drastic increase of the h
images/000005382.jpg	ox that was looking for something to eat.
images/000005383.jpg	o travel by foot to interact with his people and 
images/000005384.jpg	, I want to practice more to improve my skill
images/000005385.jpg	children's character. As parents, they shoul
images/000005386.jpg	-speakers, attend seminars, write letters
images/000005387.jpg	t I will jion a soccer club,because I like p
images/000005388.jpg	rfly comes from an unappealing worm! Here is the 
images/000005389.jpg	low travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-h
images/000005390.jpg	lem. As long as both sides keep their minds
images/000005391.jpg	hey were doing. The sparrow laughed. She said
images/000005392.jpg	r to my parents, they are so happy to see me do w
images/000005393.jpg	dier extended a helping hand to the old man in ti
images/000005394.jpg	ut Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she ask
images/000005395.jpg	e put so much pressure on myself. One day
images/000005396.jpg	both sides keep their minds open to each o
images/000005397.jpg	he boy, “The nails were your bad temper an
images/000005398.jpg	t married. So a household consisting of three
images/000005399.jpg	 space aided by a galaxyful of fellow travelers:
images/000005400.jpg	d a nail. In the next few days, the number of nai
images/000005401.jpg	nfortunately, the butterfly just crawled around 
images/000005402.jpg	? Rather, you can just have a piece of lea
images/000005403.jpg	Occasional examples of human goodness can
images/000005404.jpg	dents should have some ideal qualities t
images/000005405.jpg	lfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a coc
images/000005406.jpg	are and shelter, while friends give them strength
images/000005407.jpg	 others speaking English better than you. 
images/000005408.jpg	 who, for the last fifteen years, has been pos
images/000005409.jpg	. Some think that maybe the old generati
images/000005410.jpg	 remove the nails every day as he had controlled 
images/000005411.jpg	 kill the holy animal cow to cover the road with
images/000005412.jpg	ow much about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Wa
images/000005413.jpg	 of English reading comprehension, one should ge
images/000005414.jpg	ere was a hungry fox that was looking for somet
images/000005415.jpg	ng materials, which can also help accumulate 
images/000005416.jpg	 drop in on friends and relatives without 
images/000005417.jpg	 kids, neighbours and even his friends due 
images/000005418.jpg	sm. The spirit of humanism is apparent in 
images/000005419.jpg	 a butterfly!One day, a man saw a cocoon. H
images/000005420.jpg	re like that! Words are more painful than physi
images/000005421.jpg	 extended a helping hand to the old man in 
images/000005422.jpg	mmer in the fence for 30 times on the first
images/000005423.jpg	 with friends one can get into the society and
images/000005424.jpg	xtended a helping hand to the old man in time 
images/000005425.jpg	the exam, they just want me to be happy. I k
images/000005426.jpg	 tired when I was go to school. Except for ta
images/000005427.jpg	vel to visit places of historical importance
images/000005428.jpg	autiful spring morning, a merchant loade
images/000005429.jpg	is a wonderful machine. Today it is used 
images/000005430.jpg	 children and the society, so by contacti
images/000005431.jpg	b both of them. Most of the things that y
images/000005432.jpg	nto being. Some think that maybe the old gener
images/000005433.jpg	onkey’s trick. He then returned home again but
images/000005434.jpg	several generations gathering around the televi
images/000005435.jpg	he nails every day as he had controlled his ang
images/000005436.jpg	ren. Chinese families tend to socialize togethe
images/000005437.jpg	verance in face of hardship. Don't be in
images/000005438.jpg	uld talk over their problems with each oth
images/000005439.jpg	s head.“You see. Santa Claus is only for h
images/000005440.jpg	able to pull out most of the nails from the f
images/000005441.jpg	er attention to our fellows. Occasional ex
images/000005442.jpg	y. In China, children live with their paren
images/000005443.jpg	ng computers are playing a more and more 
images/000005444.jpg	a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and
images/000005445.jpg	o us. It makes us do things more quickly. 
images/000005446.jpg	ildren's hairstyle and weird clothes. Yo
images/000005447.jpg	r one was born, the first surroundings is th
images/000005448.jpg	as a cold and silent night. The weather was free
images/000005449.jpg	ied, he could not get out of the hole. Do you kno
images/000005450.jpg	ves several reasons. With the rapid progressin
images/000005451.jpg	ert into wings. Thus, the body would becom
images/000005452.jpg	fell into the river and noticed that the 
images/000005453.jpg	tant role in modern life.What has led to 
images/000005454.jpg	e foolish, tricky donkey again set on its way. On
images/000005455.jpg	 his bad temper. The boy used to get angry v
images/000005456.jpg	first trip by foot to longer distance. He complai
images/000005457.jpg	practice more to improve my skills.Second
images/000005458.jpg	 of a king. The people of the kingdom were ve
images/000005459.jpg	ur spoken English will be. Nothing in the wo
images/000005460.jpg	ate the pain as he walked all the way thr
images/000005461.jpg	 Unfortunately, all their attempts failed. Fi
images/000005462.jpg	boy lived with his father and mother. He was t
images/000005463.jpg	 the remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged w
images/000005464.jpg	  Unfortunately, neither the wings expanded o
images/000005465.jpg	e again fell into the water. But instead
images/000005466.jpg	 the palace. He was quite happy that he visited
images/000005467.jpg	n idea.One day, his father gave him a hu
images/000005468.jpg	preciated him and asked him pointing to the hol
images/000005469.jpg	s ministers were stunned to hear his ord
images/000005470.jpg	ab a man with a knife, but the wound wil
images/000005471.jpg	ff the planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a
images/000005472.jpg	ed to control his temper.Gradually, the
images/000005473.jpg	 pain in his feet as it was his first trip by fo
images/000005474.jpg	the last fifteen years, has been posing as
images/000005475.jpg	blem. As long as both sides keep their minds o
images/000005476.jpg	hen no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did no
images/000005477.jpg	ocktail party once upon a time zone; Marvin, 
images/000005478.jpg	 were very happy as they had a very prosp
images/000005479.jpg	 between children and the society, so by co
images/000005480.jpg	hammer any nail and he did not lose his temper!
images/000005481.jpg	be food in it, and he became very happy. He j
images/000005482.jpg	Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know much about ou
images/000005483.jpg	rtance and pilgrim centres at distant places. H
images/000005484.jpg	ing some embarrassing mistakes.In short, the m
images/000005485.jpg	ing with friends one can get into the society an
images/000005486.jpg	 even his friends due to anger. He invited all
images/000005487.jpg	his words. His bad temper made him fall for a
images/000005488.jpg	hat at any time, the butterfly might expand the w
images/000005489.jpg	ace of hardship. Don't be intimidated even thoug
images/000005490.jpg	hat different things appeal to different generat
images/000005491.jpg	cept for taking care of me, she also has to work.
images/000005492.jpg	nts should have some ideal qualities to succeed 
images/000005493.jpg	emonstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism i
images/000005494.jpg	ys to give up his anger and develop kindness.
images/000005495.jpg	he little boy were very depressed due to his b
images/000005496.jpg	d in the tree trunk while he cut down trees i
images/000005497.jpg	stony. He could not tolerate the pain as he wal
images/000005498.jpg	t has scars all over! You can stab a man 
images/000005499.jpg	t get out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, th
images/000005500.jpg	us is only for human children,” Fritz said to
images/000005501.jpg	for different purposes. Some students need 
images/000005502.jpg	mily asked.“I don’t think so,” said Monty
images/000005503.jpg	water. But instead of the load becoming ligh
images/000005504.jpg	untless factors may influence a person's g
images/000005505.jpg	nsion, one should get access to a lot of 
images/000005506.jpg	re was nothing the merchant could do, except
images/000005507.jpg	ghts into other cultures and keeps our mind
images/000005508.jpg	go to the market in order to sell them. The merch
images/000005509.jpg	People of distant places were so happy to have
images/000005510.jpg	eren’t comfortable and were very stony. He
images/000005511.jpg	e walking along together. They had not wa
images/000005512.jpg	fortunately, neither the wings expanded or en
images/000005513.jpg	ind some fire. It will help us to keep warm
images/000005514.jpg	nd others speaking English better than you. Par
images/000005515.jpg	er, he ran to the fence and hammered a nail
images/000005516.jpg	al weeks, he returned to the palace. He 
images/000005517.jpg	worm! Here is the story of a butterfly that wa
images/000005518.jpg	 the things that young generation is keen on are
images/000005519.jpg	After one was born, the first surroundings is
images/000005520.jpg	 a cold.”Change Yourself and not The WorldL
images/000005521.jpg	r turn a deaf ear to the elders' experience
images/000005522.jpg	rther more, it gives us insights into other c
images/000005523.jpg	he only son for them. The parents of the lit
images/000005524.jpg	t trip by foot to longer distance. He complaine
images/000005525.jpg	 been around this part of the forest for
images/000005526.jpg	“I wish that I had thought a little before jumpi
images/000005527.jpg	 thought a little before jumping into the 
images/000005528.jpg	ces. He decided to travel by foot to interact w
images/000005529.jpg	the road of the whole country with leath
images/000005530.jpg	te student obsessed with the disappearance of
images/000005531.jpg	erent purposes. Some students need it to read Eng
images/000005532.jpg	 passed and the boy was able to pull out mo
images/000005533.jpg	ontributes to household duties, including t
images/000005534.jpg	dness. Unfortunately, all their attempts 
images/000005535.jpg	He decided to travel by foot to interact w
images/000005536.jpg	he ability of English reading comprehension, one
images/000005537.jpg	ore, it gives us insights into other cultures 
images/000005538.jpg	English textbooks or jonrnals and attend E
images/000005539.jpg	 they need it for different purposes. Some stud
images/000005540.jpg	his feet as it was his first trip by foot to l
images/000005541.jpg	Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hipp
images/000005542.jpg	day, his father gave him a huge bag of nails
images/000005543.jpg	and weird clothes. Young people either turn a
images/000005544.jpg	lping hand to the old man in time of need. Th
images/000005545.jpg	 boy told his father about the same.  The f
images/000005546.jpg	 and upset. He told himself, “I wish that 
images/000005547.jpg	up, indicating computers are playing a m
images/000005548.jpg	ie,first I will jion a soccer club,because I li
images/000005549.jpg	are how I do well in the exam, they just w
images/000005550.jpg	e reasons why generation gap comes into being. 
images/000005551.jpg	hile friends give them strength and courage. 
images/000005552.jpg	to use it to talk to English-speakers, at
images/000005553.jpg	ed that the butterfly tried its best and co
images/000005554.jpg	y hard for hours to come out through the tin
images/000005555.jpg	hom Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail par
images/000005556.jpg	palace. He was quite happy that he visite
images/000005557.jpg	e eager to watch the butterfly fly with its
images/000005558.jpg	er graduate student obsessed with the di
images/000005559.jpg	leasant characters. If we say that famili
images/000005560.jpg	nt could do, except return home where he
images/000005561.jpg	heir attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s fat
images/000005562.jpg	riends give them strength and courage. They
images/000005563.jpg	re disgusting to them.Both generations shou
images/000005564.jpg	ll of you should take shelter in a cave”. The mon
images/000005565.jpg	th and courage. They both help children to und
images/000005566.jpg	s way to enjoy its world. He decided to sit
images/000005567.jpg	h is demolished to make way for a galactic 
images/000005568.jpg	 struggling very hard for hours to come out thro
images/000005569.jpg	u know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much foo
images/000005570.jpg	rents of the little boy were very depresse
images/000005571.jpg	r. He ordered for a pair of leather shoes for him
images/000005572.jpg	man children at Christmas time.”“Does he also br
images/000005573.jpg	 package. The hungry fox immediately thought th
images/000005574.jpg	e rule of a king. The people of the kingdom
images/000005575.jpg	 humanism is apparent in the story of "The
images/000005576.jpg	r something to eat. He was very hungry. No
images/000005577.jpg	the disappearance of all the ballpoint pens he's
images/000005578.jpg	oy told his father about the same.  The fat
images/000005579.jpg	orget about the whole idea. Let’s go home now 
images/000005580.jpg	s happy that he made the butterfly come 
images/000005581.jpg	econds before Earth is demolished to mak
images/000005582.jpg	body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings e
images/000005583.jpg	er more, it gives us insights into other cultu
images/000005584.jpg	ly depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former g
images/000005585.jpg	ely, even after continuous attempts for several 
images/000005586.jpg	or the better. Humanism makes the world a more 
images/000005587.jpg	the butterfly to come out of its cocoon would let
images/000005588.jpg	, with several generations gathering around the t
images/000005589.jpg	ing things. Computers largely broaden our visi
images/000005590.jpg	benefits to us. It makes us do things more quic
images/000005591.jpg	uess he is too busy visiting all the human ch
images/000005592.jpg	,because I like playing soccer.During the summer
images/000005593.jpg	 his father told him to remove the nails 
images/000005594.jpg	 different things appeal to different ge
images/000005595.jpg	ter the fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty
images/000005596.jpg	olded kids, neighbours and even his friends
images/000005597.jpg	d butterflies. He knew how a butterfly wou
images/000005598.jpg	 fence and hammered a nail. In the next f
images/000005599.jpg	ain fell into the water. But instead of 
images/000005600.jpg	brox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hi
images/000005601.jpg	ds, neighbours and even his friends due to anger.
images/000005602.jpg	now before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know m
images/000005603.jpg	: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-
images/000005604.jpg	s.There are many examples that demonstra
images/000005605.jpg	ll into the river and wasted all the bags
images/000005606.jpg	tion of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who,
images/000005607.jpg	bundance of wealth and no misfortunes.The 
images/000005608.jpg	e the butterfly come out of the cocoon without 
images/000005609.jpg	ybe the old generation is too conservative to a
images/000005610.jpg	e old man in time of need. The young man's
images/000005611.jpg	ing in the world is difficult for one who
images/000005612.jpg	fteen years, has been posing as an out-of-work a
images/000005613.jpg	ry much worried about the people who used to 
images/000005614.jpg	te eager to watch the butterfly fly with its
images/000005615.jpg	rations. Those who grow up in happy families 
images/000005616.jpg	rs. He spent almost more than 10 hours with the c
images/000005617.jpg	 to about 19 hours. The number climbs more tha
images/000005618.jpg	can drop in on friends and relatives without
images/000005619.jpg	. The butterfly had been struggling very hard for
images/000005620.jpg	ket in order to sell them. The merchant an
images/000005621.jpg	. It requires much time, commitment and disc
images/000005622.jpg	 Again, you cannot pull out a few nails. The fen
images/000005623.jpg	as an out-of-work actor.Together, this dynamic 
images/000005624.jpg	oes play an important role in shaping children's 
images/000005625.jpg	 and keep the lines of communications with them o
images/000005626.jpg	s way. On reaching the river he again fe
images/000005627.jpg	utterfly. He got a pair of scissors and tweaked t
images/000005628.jpg	nd mother. He was the only son for them. Th
images/000005629.jpg	 us insights into other cultures and keeps our
images/000005630.jpg	cow to cover the road with leather? Rather, you 
images/000005631.jpg	chool. Except for taking care of me, she als
images/000005632.jpg	e shell for several hours. He spent almost more t
images/000005633.jpg	l hours, there was no progress. It seemed that 
images/000005634.jpg	. He complained to his ministers that the roads 
images/000005635.jpg	tterflies! The continuous effort from the
images/000005636.jpg	d been struggling very hard for hours to come 
images/000005637.jpg	do you want to kill the holy animal cow to co
images/000005638.jpg	sit over and watch how the butterfly would com
images/000005639.jpg	to English-speakers, attend seminars, write le
images/000005640.jpg	rn to understand their children and keep the lin
images/000005641.jpg	nds before Earth is demolished to make way for a
images/000005642.jpg	anded or enlarged nor the swollen body r
images/000005643.jpg	e fence was reduced and the day arrived w
images/000005644.jpg	ht a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf and
images/000005645.jpg	lauded the minister. He ordered for a pair 
images/000005646.jpg	 told him to remove the nails every day as he 
images/000005647.jpg	here is a drastic increase of the hours t
images/000005648.jpg	: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, thr
images/000005649.jpg	n goodness can remind us of the meaning of huma
images/000005650.jpg	hat focuses on common human needs and seeks ra
images/000005651.jpg	Millan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried t
images/000005652.jpg	atter how hard he tried, the fox could not fin
images/000005653.jpg	nt of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tri
images/000005654.jpg	he ballpoint pens he's bought over the years.Wh
images/000005655.jpg	quantity of leather and it would cost a 
images/000005656.jpg	c pair began a journey through space aid
images/000005657.jpg	ey need it for different purposes. Some students
images/000005658.jpg	rflies. He knew how a butterfly would st
images/000005659.jpg	r to celebrate holidays and entertain frie
images/000005660.jpg	felt thirsty and decided to leave the trun
images/000005661.jpg	o grow up in happy families tend to have many pl
images/000005662.jpg	tunately, the butterfly looked no longer beautifu
images/000005663.jpg	t with his people and accompany them. Peop
images/000005664.jpg	e road with leather? Rather, you can just have a
images/000005665.jpg	erflies and had a craze for its wonderful comb
images/000005666.jpg	king thought that he had to change this for th
images/000005667.jpg	 to visit places of historical importance and p
images/000005668.jpg	, care and shelter, while friends give t
images/000005669.jpg	dge of the forest and searched there for fo
images/000005670.jpg	tter ways of seeing things. Computers lar
images/000005671.jpg	 a drastic increase of the hours that peop
images/000005672.jpg	phod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-a
images/000005673.jpg	ld learn to understand their children and keep
images/000005674.jpg	. Don't feel embarrassed when making some 
images/000005675.jpg	 together. They had not walked far when they reac
images/000005676.jpg	ter. As parents, they should learn to understan
images/000005677.jpg	. The boy used to get angry very soon and taun
images/000005678.jpg	factors which affect a person's growth. 
images/000005679.jpg	gap exists in our daily life, whether you admi
images/000005680.jpg	ged like any other beautiful butterflies! T
images/000005681.jpg	for angry words. He scolded kids, neighbours an
images/000005682.jpg	a beautiful and colourful butterfly comes from a
images/000005683.jpg	ravel to visit places of historical importance a
images/000005684.jpg	o home now before you catch a cold.”Change Y
images/000005685.jpg	the students need English and they need it fo
images/000005686.jpg	o hear his order as it would destroy the l
images/000005687.jpg	 angry very soon and taunt others with his w
images/000005688.jpg	t walked far when they reached a river on th
images/000005689.jpg	ter one was born, the first surroundings is t
images/000005690.jpg	rtant role in the maintenance of our society. 
images/000005691.jpg	 surroundings is the family in which he will gr
images/000005692.jpg	 lunch.The fox happily began to eat. Aft
images/000005693.jpg	 his temper, he ran to the fence and hammered
images/000005694.jpg	 his father that it was several days that he di
images/000005695.jpg	 things may turn out for the better. Humani
images/000005696.jpg	here remained a few nails that the boy could no
images/000005697.jpg	er the road with leather? Rather, you can just h
images/000005698.jpg	o kind with a good heart!After several weeks
images/000005699.jpg	r good. Use them to embrace the relation
images/000005700.jpg	 the struggles the butterfly would have emerg
images/000005701.jpg	s with respect and tolerance, many things may tu
images/000005702.jpg	they get married. So a household consist
images/000005703.jpg	y prosperous life with abundance of wealth and n
images/000005704.jpg	hink so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him
images/000005705.jpg	 pull out most of the nails from the fence. 
images/000005706.jpg	 different things appeal to different generat
images/000005707.jpg	 succeed in English learning. It requires much
images/000005708.jpg	dvice or set themselves against what the elde
images/000005709.jpg	appy that he made the butterfly come out of 
images/000005710.jpg	ingdom were very happy as they had a very prospe
images/000005711.jpg	ame to the king and said that he had another i
images/000005712.jpg	s, the fox had eaten so much food that he beca
images/000005713.jpg	. They continued to blow at our poor firefly.
images/000005714.jpg	’t comfortable and were very stony. He could 
images/000005715.jpg	tand the world as it is, so they are the deare
images/000005716.jpg	 “I wish that I had thought a little befo
images/000005717.jpg	 fact, he used to spend a lot of time around butt
images/000005718.jpg	fortable, immediately.The king thought 
images/000005719.jpg	 his temper. The little boy found it hilario
images/000005720.jpg	ather told him to remove the nails every day
images/000005721.jpg	ranoid, brilliant, and chronically depressed robo
images/000005722.jpg	h. Parents may not be in favor of their chil
images/000005723.jpg	. He complained to his ministers that the 
images/000005724.jpg	ox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie
images/000005725.jpg	er and anger were like that! Words are more p
images/000005726.jpg	 person's growth. One is family, and the other i
images/000005727.jpg	 people and accompany them. People of distan
images/000005728.jpg	he environment of living, friends make another 
images/000005729.jpg	ed, he could not get out of the hole. Do you k
images/000005730.jpg	t I will help my mother do some housework. She
images/000005731.jpg	uld have emerged like any other beautifu
images/000005732.jpg	e happy all the time. But I have put so m
images/000005733.jpg	 helping hand to the old man in time of need. T
images/000005734.jpg	ctic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the
images/000005735.jpg	mper made him fall for angry words. He scolded ki
images/000005736.jpg	e betterment and happiness of the people.His
images/000005737.jpg	eautiful butterflies! The continuous effor
images/000005738.jpg	ents need English and they need it for differ
images/000005739.jpg	ppy families tend to have many pleasant character
images/000005740.jpg	rox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie
images/000005741.jpg	 king thought that he had to change this for th
images/000005742.jpg	oles in the fence. Again, you cannot pull
images/000005743.jpg	amily does play an important role in shaping ch
images/000005744.jpg	 to his bad temper. The boy used to get 
images/000005745.jpg	lt thirsty and decided to leave the trunk
images/000005746.jpg	even after they get married. So a household co
images/000005747.jpg	ther countries' family. In China, children li
images/000005748.jpg	er any nail and he did not lose his temp
images/000005749.jpg	n China, children live with their parents even a
images/000005750.jpg	 first day! Every time he lost his temper, he 
images/000005751.jpg	 and colourful butterfly comes from an una
images/000005752.jpg	 They were clinging to its branches. One of 
images/000005753.jpg	e the butterfly come out of the cocoon without
images/000005754.jpg	n at Christmas time.”“Does he also bring pres
images/000005755.jpg	ntolerable pain in his feet as it was his first 
images/000005756.jpg	nts should have some ideal qualities to succeed i
images/000005757.jpg	r had placed the food in the tree trunk 
images/000005758.jpg	urpriseIt was two days before Christmas
images/000005759.jpg	is friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the r
images/000005760.jpg	the lines of communications with them open,
images/000005761.jpg	While he forgot what he spoke in anger, hi
images/000005762.jpg	m. People of distant places were so happy to 
images/000005763.jpg	entres and could see his fellow people leading
images/000005764.jpg	her you admit it or not. When it comes to the
images/000005765.jpg	ng the problem. As long as both sides kee
images/000005766.jpg	 things may turn out for the better. Human
images/000005767.jpg	aintenance of our society. Humanism calls for
images/000005768.jpg	r to cover the road of the whole country with 
images/000005769.jpg	n remove the nails but still see the holes in 
images/000005770.jpg	nt factors which affect a person's growth
images/000005771.jpg	ers per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours to
images/000005772.jpg	ssential quality for successful English learning
images/000005773.jpg	s that focuses on common human needs and se
images/000005774.jpg	very stony. He could not tolerate the pain as h
images/000005775.jpg	me. Both sides should talk over their problem
images/000005776.jpg	I don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen h
images/000005777.jpg	butterfly and he was quite eager to watch th
images/000005778.jpg	urned out Emily also didn’t know much about Chris
images/000005779.jpg	ill jion a soccer club,because I like pla
images/000005780.jpg	d chronically depressed robot; and Veet Vooj
images/000005781.jpg	nd searched there for food. Suddenly he caug
images/000005782.jpg	t role in shaping children's character. As pare
images/000005783.jpg	rty once upon a time zone; Marvin, a paran
images/000005784.jpg	 of the monkeys said, “I wish we could fin
images/000005785.jpg	is alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why
images/000005786.jpg	 a very prosperous life with abundance of wealth
images/000005787.jpg	ampie,first I will jion a soccer club,because I 
images/000005788.jpg	or its wonderful combination of colours. In 
images/000005789.jpg	 is the family in which he will grow up. Parent
images/000005790.jpg	e never look the same! It has scars all ov
images/000005791.jpg	 sparrow continued: “I think all of you sho
images/000005792.jpg	o each other's outlooks on the world, the gap 
images/000005793.jpg	continuous effort from the butterfly to come o
images/000005794.jpg	es at distant places. He decided to travel by foo
images/000005795.jpg	is from the South and has never seen snow before,
images/000005796.jpg	od's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick
images/000005797.jpg	ning, a merchant loaded his donkey with bag
images/000005798.jpg	d in almost every field of our life. Mean
images/000005799.jpg	n face of hardship. Don't be intimidated 
images/000005800.jpg	er ways of seeing things. Computers largely
images/000005801.jpg	aping children's character. As parents, th
images/000005802.jpg	pain as he walked all the way through the r
images/000005803.jpg	s to visitors who can drop in on friends and rel
images/000005804.jpg	d the donkey’s trick. He then returned home a
images/000005805.jpg	s perseverance in face of hardship. Don'
images/000005806.jpg	essing of the society, computers are now
images/000005807.jpg	ol. Except for taking care of me, she al
images/000005808.jpg	never able to live a life like a butterfly!
images/000005809.jpg	ers are playing a more and more important ro
images/000005810.jpg	t hammer any nail and he did not lose his temp
images/000005811.jpg	gap comes into being. Some think that ma
images/000005812.jpg	ortance and pilgrim centres at distant places
images/000005813.jpg	ppie and totally out-to-lunch president of t
images/000005814.jpg	y parents tell me that they don’t care how I d
images/000005815.jpg	 a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf and star
images/000005816.jpg	erfly would have emerged like any other beautiful
images/000005817.jpg	 better. Humanism makes the world a more bea
images/000005818.jpg	nts and toys to human children at Christmas ti
images/000005819.jpg	 to hammer one nail to the fence every time he be
images/000005820.jpg	that I had thought a little before jumping into t
images/000005821.jpg	y, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies 
images/000005822.jpg	 even though you find others speaking English be
images/000005823.jpg	ver your feet?’The king was very much surprised 
images/000005824.jpg	tinued: “I think all of you should take shelter 
images/000005825.jpg	em to embrace the relationships. Use them to show
images/000005826.jpg	nd watch how the butterfly would come ou
images/000005827.jpg	most of the nails from the fence. However, t
images/000005828.jpg	ention, only going through the struggles
images/000005829.jpg	mber climbs more than ten times up, indi
images/000005830.jpg	art of the forest for many years. I guess h
images/000005831.jpg	t meant that the butterfly was trying to make its
images/000005832.jpg	up in happy families tend to have many pl
images/000005833.jpg	 Both sides should talk over their problem
images/000005834.jpg	ey fell into the river and wasted all the bags
images/000005835.jpg	 for several days.Last I will help my mothe
images/000005836.jpg	r different purposes. Some students need it
images/000005837.jpg	ule of a king. The people of the kingdom
images/000005838.jpg	w before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know mu
images/000005839.jpg	dy. It was never able to fly all through i
images/000005840.jpg	e butterfly was trying to make its way to enj
images/000005841.jpg	ng of humanism. If we treat our fellows 
images/000005842.jpg	ired when I was go to school. Except for
images/000005843.jpg	nkey’s trick. He then returned home again b
images/000005844.jpg	 market competition, the price has been 
images/000005845.jpg	 and the day arrived when no nail was hammered! Y
images/000005846.jpg	w that a beautiful and colourful butterfly co
images/000005847.jpg	onkeys were on a tree. They were clinging to its 
images/000005848.jpg	ter ways of seeing things. Computers largely b
images/000005849.jpg	te happy that he visited many pilgrim centres
images/000005850.jpg	s fire.He caught a firefly. He put it under
images/000005851.jpg	walked far when they reached a river on the road.
images/000005852.jpg	rful butterfly comes from an unappealing
images/000005853.jpg	ng decided to go on a travel to visit places o
images/000005854.jpg	eople leading a propitious life. However,
images/000005855.jpg	here is a drastic increase of the hours 
images/000005856.jpg	e forest and searched there for food. Suddenly h
images/000005857.jpg	w a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that t
images/000005858.jpg	e man from the ministry came to the king 
images/000005859.jpg	y soon and taunt others with his words. His
images/000005860.jpg	t want to undergo any struggle, we won’t
images/000005861.jpg	t could do, except return home where he loaded h
images/000005862.jpg	hildren to understand the world as it is, s
images/000005863.jpg	e playing a more and more important role in mod
images/000005864.jpg	e are two apparent factors which affect a per
images/000005865.jpg	 he used to spend a lot of time around b
images/000005866.jpg	 that people spend on computers per week, ra
images/000005867.jpg	h you find others speaking English better than y
images/000005868.jpg	ather so that people might feel comfortable
images/000005869.jpg	benefits to us. It makes us do things more quick
images/000005870.jpg	y. The butterfly had been struggling ver
images/000005871.jpg	rnals and attend English lectures, while some st
images/000005872.jpg	hile some students need to use it to talk to E
images/000005873.jpg	ends one can get into the society and become soc
images/000005874.jpg	ies offer the environment of living, frie
images/000005875.jpg	edical treatment.In the civilized world human
images/000005876.jpg	se families are proud of their harmony and unity
images/000005877.jpg	ng. The sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey sil
images/000005878.jpg	f salt to go to the market in order to s
images/000005879.jpg	s. It makes us do things more quickly. Furt
images/000005880.jpg	anches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish
images/000005881.jpg	 is only for human children,” Fritz said to 
images/000005882.jpg	ours. He spent almost more than 10 hours with 
images/000005883.jpg	pring morning, a merchant loaded his donkey wit
images/000005884.jpg	an important role in shaping children's cha
images/000005885.jpg	and relatives without previous invitation.Chin
images/000005886.jpg	s are not cut from the same cloth. Parents may n
images/000005887.jpg	he fluid stored in the body convert into w
images/000005888.jpg	 to eat. After the fox had finished eating,
images/000005889.jpg	me.  The father appreciated him and asked him poi
images/000005890.jpg	gh the verbal usage. While he forgot what
images/000005891.jpg	son's growth. There are two apparent factors
images/000005892.jpg	 of leather shoes for him and requested the
images/000005893.jpg	ll the holy animal cow to cover the road with lea
images/000005894.jpg	ved with his father and mother. He was the only s
images/000005895.jpg	ht a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf and st
images/000005896.jpg	 before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know mu
images/000005897.jpg	s, shrink the body and the wings could su
images/000005898.jpg	first surroundings is the family in which
images/000005899.jpg	to change this for the betterment and hap
images/000005900.jpg	 was quite eager to watch the butterfly fl
images/000005901.jpg	 outlooks on the world, the gap between them 
images/000005902.jpg	abulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making some
images/000005903.jpg	“So forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home n
images/000005904.jpg	Why do we die? For all the answers, stick you
images/000005905.jpg	ience-based advice or set themselves agains
images/000005906.jpg	He jumped into the hole and when he opened the pa
images/000005907.jpg	 one.He saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It
images/000005908.jpg	 his back became lighter.There was nothing th
images/000005909.jpg	 was freezing. A group of monkeys were on a tree
images/000005910.jpg	appeal to different generations. Those who 
images/000005911.jpg	l English learning is perseverance in face of har
images/000005912.jpg	en though you find others speaking English better
images/000005913.jpg	 factors may influence a person's growth. There a
images/000005914.jpg	air of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make
images/000005915.jpg	er several weeks, he returned to the palac
images/000005916.jpg	ntinued to watch the butterfly and he was qui
images/000005917.jpg	er and over again so that many people can afford 
images/000005918.jpg	. Parents are children's first teachers, so fa
images/000005919.jpg	people who used to walk along those roads as it w
images/000005920.jpg	 tired when I was go to school. Except for
images/000005921.jpg	 generations should be responsible for so
images/000005922.jpg	r beautiful and had a swollen body with small
images/000005923.jpg	rox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie a
images/000005924.jpg	o well in the exam. I want to be happy a
images/000005925.jpg	children's first teachers, so family does play an
images/000005926.jpg	ter the fox had finished eating, he felt thirst
images/000005927.jpg	The soldier extended a helping hand to the old ma
images/000005928.jpg	 feel embarrassed when making some embarrassing
images/000005929.jpg	world. He decided to sit over and watch ho
images/000005930.jpg	ke that! Words are more painful than physica
images/000005931.jpg	 focuses on common human needs and seeks ration
images/000005932.jpg	respectively more than in other countries' family
images/000005933.jpg	d keep the lines of communications with them ope
images/000005934.jpg	me out of the cocoon. He was watching the butter
images/000005935.jpg	eral hours, there was no progress. It seeme
images/000005936.jpg	from the same cloth. Parents may not be in 
images/000005937.jpg	One beautiful spring morning, a merchant load
images/000005938.jpg	 remind us of the meaning of humanism. I
images/000005939.jpg	utterfly to come out of its cocoon would
images/000005940.jpg	eral days that he did not hammer any nail a
images/000005941.jpg	ody would become lighter and smaller and the wing
images/000005942.jpg	 watch the butterfly and he was quite eager to 
images/000005943.jpg	rim centres and could see his fellow peopl
images/000005944.jpg	istance. He complained to his ministers tha
images/000005945.jpg	ather appreciated him and asked him pointing to
images/000005946.jpg	of leather and it would cost a huge amount o
images/000005947.jpg	d silent night. The weather was freezing. A gro
images/000005948.jpg	s can remind us of the meaning of humanism. If
images/000005949.jpg	of nails. He asked his son to hammer one nai
images/000005950.jpg	armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch preside
images/000005951.jpg	ster told, ‘Why do you want to kill the hol
images/000005952.jpg	ritz told us. “She doesn’t know much about 
images/000005953.jpg	isiting all the human children to have much t
images/000005954.jpg	with withered wings and huge body. It wa
images/000005955.jpg	and the boy was able to pull out most of 
images/000005956.jpg	 he is too busy visiting all the human chil
images/000005957.jpg	hile he cut down trees in the forest. He wa
images/000005958.jpg	t quickly discovered the donkey’s trick. H
images/000005959.jpg	matter how hard he tried, the fox could 
images/000005960.jpg	the merchant could do, except return home w
images/000005961.jpg	e in the fence!’He told the boy, “The nails were
images/000005962.jpg	glish and they need it for different purposes.
images/000005963.jpg	may not be in favor of their children's h
images/000005964.jpg	he society, computers are now widely applied in
images/000005965.jpg	heir children's hairstyle and weird clothes.
images/000005966.jpg	 not taken into account. These different ide
images/000005967.jpg	es that demonstrate humanism. The spirit of huma
images/000005968.jpg	s that demonstrate humanism. The spirit of 
images/000005969.jpg	me tree. She noticed what they were doing. 
images/000005970.jpg	on people. You can remove the nails but 
images/000005971.jpg	the hole was a package. The hungry fox immedi
images/000005972.jpg	id, “I wish we could find some fire. It will h
images/000005973.jpg	 He was the only son for them. The parent
images/000005974.jpg	was the only son for them. The parents of the 
images/000005975.jpg	ing care of me, she also has to work. Therefo
images/000005976.jpg	out any more struggles. He continued to watch t
images/000005977.jpg	She was really tired when I was go to sc
images/000005978.jpg	 but the wound will remain there forever
images/000005979.jpg	 benefits to us. It makes us do things mo
images/000005980.jpg	nails. The fence never look the same! It has s
images/000005981.jpg	re than in other countries' family. In Ch
images/000005982.jpg	account. These different ideas disturb both of th
images/000005983.jpg	. For exampie,first I will jion a soccer club,b
images/000005984.jpg	e wound will remain there forever. Your 
images/000005985.jpg	itz said to Emily. “So forget about the whole 
images/000005986.jpg	t and his donkey were walking along together. The
images/000005987.jpg	rs to about 19 hours. The number climbs m
images/000005988.jpg	 forest and searched there for food. Sudde
images/000005989.jpg	people of the kingdom were very happy as they
images/000005990.jpg	 He was watching the butterfly struggling to brea
images/000005991.jpg	scipline to learn English well. In order t
images/000005992.jpg	e country with leather so that people migh
images/000005993.jpg	e aided by a galaxyful of fellow travelers
images/000005994.jpg	l into the river and wasted all the bags of s
images/000005995.jpg	f time around butterflies. He knew how a bu
images/000005996.jpg	latives without previous invitation.Chi
images/000005997.jpg	spent almost more than 10 hours with the 
images/000005998.jpg	 up in happy families tend to have many 
images/000005999.jpg	ow my paper to my parents, they are so happ
images/000006000.jpg	d in the tree trunk while he cut down trees in
images/000006001.jpg	sell them. The merchant and his donkey were wa
images/000006002.jpg	en and the society, so by contacting with friends
images/000006003.jpg	t factors which affect a person's growth. One is 
images/000006004.jpg	in almost every field of our life. Meanwhile,
images/000006005.jpg	ical abuse! Use words for good. Use them to 
images/000006006.jpg	should take shelter in a cave”. The monk
images/000006007.jpg	s to the decline of cost and the fierce mar
images/000006008.jpg	e nail to the fence every time he became angry an
images/000006009.jpg	oblem. As long as both sides keep their mind
images/000006010.jpg	ow came flying to its nest. The monkeys were sit
images/000006011.jpg	, she also has to work. Therefore, I want to hel
images/000006012.jpg	rty once upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid
images/000006013.jpg	 their children and keep the lines of co
images/000006014.jpg	 A group of monkeys were on a tree. They
images/000006015.jpg	her so that people might feel comfortable,
images/000006016.jpg	at he had to change this for the betterment
images/000006017.jpg	ilgrim centres at distant places. He decid
images/000006018.jpg	ct a person's growth. One is family, and the ot
images/000006019.jpg	 fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few na
images/000006020.jpg	rit of humanism is apparent in the story 
images/000006021.jpg	e story of a butterfly that was never abl
images/000006022.jpg	-hippie and totally out-to-lunch president o
images/000006023.jpg	 know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much 
images/000006024.jpg	rfly fly with its beautiful wings.He tho
images/000006025.jpg	Do you think he will come if I write to him?”
images/000006026.jpg	ours. He spent almost more than 10 hours
images/000006027.jpg	tterflies and had a craze for its wonderf
images/000006028.jpg	path.He said he was very much worried ab
images/000006029.jpg	 the television in the evening.The Impo
images/000006030.jpg	 “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not re
images/000006031.jpg	.The king decided to go on a travel to visit pl
images/000006032.jpg	there might be food in it, and he became very h
images/000006033.jpg	tic increase of the hours that people spen
images/000006034.jpg	d in English learning. It requires much 
images/000006035.jpg	butterflies decided to help the butterfly. He 
images/000006036.jpg	ee the holes in the fence. Again, you canno
images/000006037.jpg	generations gathering around the television i
images/000006038.jpg	sh will be. Nothing in the world is difficult for
images/000006039.jpg	story of "The Right Son at the Right Time". The
images/000006040.jpg	 as he walked all the way through the rough p
images/000006041.jpg	several hours. He spent almost more than 10 hour
images/000006042.jpg	because I like playing soccer.During the sum
images/000006043.jpg	 actions were the example of humanistic behavio
images/000006044.jpg	n the story of "The Right Son at the Rig
images/000006045.jpg	ren's first teachers, so family does play an imp
images/000006046.jpg	ad intolerable pain in his feet as it was
images/000006047.jpg	elves against what the elders have been proud 
images/000006048.jpg	 In the next few days, the number of nails 
images/000006049.jpg	an was happy that he made the butterfly com
images/000006050.jpg	 ways to give up his anger and develop kindness.
images/000006051.jpg	ied. So a household consisting of three generat
images/000006052.jpg	better ways of seeing things. Computers largely
images/000006053.jpg	rrow continued: “I think all of you should
images/000006054.jpg	than physical abuse! Use words for good. Use 
images/000006055.jpg	m of beliefs that focuses on common human needs
images/000006056.jpg	ttempts failed. Finally, the boy’s fathe
images/000006057.jpg	the boy was able to pull out most of the nails
images/000006058.jpg	nd Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised 
images/000006059.jpg	m! Here is the story of a butterfly that was neve
images/000006060.jpg	alace. He was quite happy that he visited many pi
images/000006061.jpg	e food in the tree trunk while he cut down trees
images/000006062.jpg	n time of need. The young man's actions were the 
images/000006063.jpg	s anger and develop kindness. Unfortunate
images/000006064.jpg	larious and accepted to do what his father said.
images/000006065.jpg	runk and drink some water from a nearby sp
images/000006066.jpg	nions on the reasons why generation gap come
images/000006067.jpg	d English textbooks or jonrnals and atten
images/000006068.jpg	row up. Parents are children's first teacher
images/000006069.jpg	equires much time, commitment and discipli
images/000006070.jpg	d duties, including the children. Chinese fa
images/000006071.jpg	 use it to talk to English-speakers, attend semin
images/000006072.jpg	to his bad temper. The boy used to get angry 
images/000006073.jpg	 cut from the same cloth. Parents may not 
images/000006074.jpg	 more than ten times up, indicating computers 
images/000006075.jpg	friends and relatives without previous invitation
images/000006076.jpg	e butterfly would come out of the cocoon. He was
images/000006077.jpg	ife of thousands of cows to get the sufficie
images/000006078.jpg	he revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to 
images/000006079.jpg	the nails from the fence. However, there 
images/000006080.jpg	keys were on a tree. They were clinging to its 
images/000006081.jpg	galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMilla
images/000006082.jpg	 should talk over their problems with each other
images/000006083.jpg	me of need. The young man's actions were
images/000006084.jpg	generations is common.Chinese families are hospi
images/000006085.jpg	 your heart!”A Merchant and his DonkeySh
images/000006086.jpg	 to undergo any struggle, we won’t be able t
images/000006087.jpg	society, so by contacting with friends on
images/000006088.jpg	o to school. Except for taking care of me, she 
images/000006089.jpg	ull out a few nails. The fence never look the sam
images/000006090.jpg	ich can also help accumulate and enlarge
images/000006091.jpg	ager to watch the butterfly fly with its b
images/000006092.jpg	 firefly and moved to a nearby cave.The Hun
images/000006093.jpg	e butterfly and he was quite eager to watch the
images/000006094.jpg	 you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much foo
images/000006095.jpg	that it was several days that he did not hammer
images/000006096.jpg	gh you find others speaking English better 
images/000006097.jpg	 that I had thought a little before jumping into
images/000006098.jpg	 exam, they just want me to be happy. I k
images/000006099.jpg	o is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering
images/000006100.jpg	ove the nails every day as he had contro
images/000006101.jpg	hey were doing. The sparrow laughed. She
images/000006102.jpg	to make way for a galactic freeway, Arth
images/000006103.jpg	The boy replied, ‘a hole in the fence!’He to
images/000006104.jpg	tching the butterfly struggling to break the shel
images/000006105.jpg	enon? As far as I know, it involves several re
images/000006106.jpg	dier extended a helping hand to the old man 
images/000006107.jpg	 in the exam, they just want me to be happy. I k
images/000006108.jpg	pen to better ways of seeing things. Comput
images/000006109.jpg	 said, “I wish we could find some fire. 
images/000006110.jpg	ather was freezing. A group of monkeys were on a 
images/000006111.jpg	eral days.Last I will help my mother do some 
images/000006112.jpg	 are these pens? Why are we born? Why do we 
images/000006113.jpg	 ministry came to the king and said that
images/000006114.jpg	r a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked 
images/000006115.jpg	at any time, the butterfly might expand the wings
images/000006116.jpg	hinese families are proud of their harmony and 
images/000006117.jpg	elers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed,
images/000006118.jpg	ism is a system of beliefs that focuses on common
images/000006119.jpg	ar his order as it would destroy the life of t
images/000006120.jpg	ept return home where he loaded his donk
images/000006121.jpg	t a few nails. The fence never look the same! I
images/000006122.jpg	On reaching the river he again fell into 
images/000006123.jpg	 to hammer in the fence for 30 times on the first
images/000006124.jpg	pealing worm! Here is the story of a butterfly
images/000006125.jpg	aphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up
images/000006126.jpg	erefore, I want to help her in the holidays.Wh
images/000006127.jpg	out any struggle!Unfortunately, the butterfly l
images/000006128.jpg	 the kingdom were very happy as they had 
images/000006129.jpg	o the hole and when he opened the package, he sa
images/000006130.jpg	coming, and generous to visitors who can dro
images/000006131.jpg	r and anger were like that! Words are more pa
images/000006132.jpg	 He got a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoo
images/000006133.jpg	 is the family in which he will grow up. Paren
images/000006134.jpg	y field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to
images/000006135.jpg	other cultures and keeps our minds open to b
images/000006136.jpg	ildren warmth, care and shelter, while friends gi
images/000006137.jpg	he fluid stored in the body convert into wi
images/000006138.jpg	phod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick
images/000006139.jpg	nts should have some ideal qualities to succe
images/000006140.jpg	nd the fierce market competition, the price has b
images/000006141.jpg	 extended a helping hand to the old man in time
images/000006142.jpg	 progress. It seemed that the butterfly tri
images/000006143.jpg	th the cocoon and the butterfly. The butt
images/000006144.jpg	ional examples of human goodness can remind
images/000006145.jpg	with a good heart!After several weeks, he 
images/000006146.jpg	le. You can remove the nails but still see the h
images/000006147.jpg	me he lost his temper, he ran to the fence an
images/000006148.jpg	e little boy found it very difficult to hamm
images/000006149.jpg	tend to have many pleasant characters. If we sa
images/000006150.jpg	d not hammer any nail and he did not lose his t
images/000006151.jpg	ly, welcoming, and generous to visitors who
images/000006152.jpg	ar as I know, it involves several reasons. With t
images/000006153.jpg	o the king and said that he had another i
images/000006154.jpg	e to his bad temper. The boy used to get 
images/000006155.jpg	 bags of salt loaded on his back became lighter.
images/000006156.jpg	so bring presents to animal children?” Em
images/000006157.jpg	 body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expande
images/000006158.jpg	ween them will be narrowed down in time. Both s
images/000006159.jpg	f the things that young generation is keen 
images/000006160.jpg	 Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful sprin
images/000006161.jpg	ery riverbank, now deliberately, the donkey fell 
images/000006162.jpg	here was a hungry fox that was looking for someth
images/000006163.jpg	line of cost and the fierce market competition,
images/000006164.jpg	o the river and noticed that the bags of salt l
images/000006165.jpg	 to be happy. I know I should relax myself and
images/000006166.jpg	ma's house,because I miss her very much.I want t
images/000006167.jpg	ts into other cultures and keeps our min
images/000006168.jpg	nt of a life-threatening emergency, humanism 
images/000006169.jpg	ly and he was quite eager to watch the b
images/000006170.jpg	nerous to visitors who can drop in on friends 
images/000006171.jpg	into the water. But instead of the load b
images/000006172.jpg	llian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlf
images/000006173.jpg	 mistakes.In short, the most essential 
images/000006174.jpg	ful and colourful butterfly comes from a
images/000006175.jpg	r us to pay closer attention to our fellows.
images/000006176.jpg	of nails. He asked his son to hammer one nai
images/000006177.jpg	n children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forge
images/000006178.jpg	 and he was quite eager to watch the butterf
images/000006179.jpg	urs and even his friends due to anger. H
images/000006180.jpg	he monkeys did not listen to the sparrow. They c
images/000006181.jpg	e quickly. Further more, it gives us insig
images/000006182.jpg	s from the fence. However, there remained
images/000006183.jpg	r children's hairstyle and weird clothes. Yo
images/000006184.jpg	wn personal computers.The computer has br
images/000006185.jpg	lem. As long as both sides keep their minds ope
images/000006186.jpg	s outlooks on the world, the gap between them
images/000006187.jpg	t into wings. Thus, the body would become 
images/000006188.jpg	monkeys were on a tree. They were clinging to it
images/000006189.jpg	t maybe the old generation is too conservative
images/000006190.jpg	ot lose his temper. He told his father that it 
images/000006191.jpg	hould be responsible for solving the prob
images/000006192.jpg	essed due to his bad temper. The boy used 
images/000006193.jpg	rflies decided to help the butterfly. He 
images/000006194.jpg	ll grow up. Parents are children's first teac
images/000006195.jpg	 cocoon without any more struggles. He conti
images/000006196.jpg	lping hand to the old man in time of need. Th
images/000006197.jpg	an remind us of the meaning of humanism. If
images/000006198.jpg	donkey again set on its way. On reaching 
images/000006199.jpg	d and fell into the river and noticed th
images/000006200.jpg	d temper made him fall for angry words. He 
images/000006201.jpg	s back again.The merchant quickly discov
images/000006202.jpg	nger. He invited all worries for his parents
images/000006203.jpg	a flock of fireflies. One of the young monkey
images/000006204.jpg	 are hospitable. The family gathers together to c
images/000006205.jpg	ations gathering around the television in t
images/000006206.jpg	society, so by contacting with friends one 
images/000006207.jpg	 important role in the maintenance of our society
images/000006208.jpg	ne. Today it is used a great deal. There
images/000006209.jpg	 “he hasn’t been around this part of the for
images/000006210.jpg	all worries for his parents through the ver
images/000006211.jpg	h good intention, only going through the strugg
images/000006212.jpg	examples of human goodness can remind us of the 
images/000006213.jpg	d their children and keep the lines of commu
images/000006214.jpg	hey noticed a flock of fireflies. One of the y
images/000006215.jpg	 the monkeys said, “I wish we could find som
images/000006216.jpg	of humanism is apparent in the story of "The
images/000006217.jpg	d unity. Each member of the family contribut
images/000006218.jpg	 old woodcutter had placed the food in the t
images/000006219.jpg	eir harmony and unity. Each member of the fami
images/000006220.jpg	dn’t know much about Christmas.”Who is Sa
images/000006221.jpg	parrow had said was correct.They set free the f
images/000006222.jpg	lish-speakers, attend seminars, write letter
images/000006223.jpg	 opinions on the reasons why generation gap com
images/000006224.jpg	ly does play an important role in shaping chi
images/000006225.jpg	n did it with good intention, only going thr
images/000006226.jpg	 experience-based advice or set themselv
images/000006227.jpg	istmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me,
images/000006228.jpg	ds, neighbours and even his friends due to
images/000006229.jpg	 hours. He spent almost more than 10 hours 
images/000006230.jpg	but the wound will remain there forever. Y
images/000006231.jpg	presents and toys to human children at Christmas
images/000006232.jpg	her about the same.  The father appreciated him 
images/000006233.jpg	t the roads weren’t comfortable and were 
images/000006234.jpg	it of humanism is apparent in the story of "Th
images/000006235.jpg	nts even after they get married. So a hous
images/000006236.jpg	 aided by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Z
images/000006237.jpg	 The fence never look the same! It has scars a
images/000006238.jpg	put it under a dry leaf and started blowing at 
images/000006239.jpg	hing new. Their voices are not taken into account
images/000006240.jpg	“Does he also bring presents to animal childre
images/000006241.jpg	 He was going to eat it for his lunch.The fo
images/000006242.jpg	m fall for angry words. He scolded kids, neigh
images/000006243.jpg	at I want to do. For exampie,first I will jion
images/000006244.jpg	 Unfortunately, neither the wings expanded 
images/000006245.jpg	ld and silent night. The weather was freezing
images/000006246.jpg	cided to control his temper.Gradually, the numbe
images/000006247.jpg	ons were the example of humanistic behavior. I
images/000006248.jpg	rents may not be in favor of their children's hai
images/000006249.jpg	rrow came flying to its nest. The monkeys
images/000006250.jpg	n China, children live with their parents even
images/000006251.jpg	ger. Several days passed and the boy was 
images/000006252.jpg	 little before jumping into the hole.”Computer
images/000006253.jpg	 words. His bad temper made him fall for ang
images/000006254.jpg	n order to cover the road of the whole country
images/000006255.jpg	ery riverbank, now deliberately, the donke
images/000006256.jpg	 care how I do well in the exam, they just want
images/000006257.jpg	 even after continuous attempts for sever
images/000006258.jpg	hat he made the butterfly come out of th
images/000006259.jpg	t opinions on the reasons why generation g
images/000006260.jpg	 the students need English and they need it 
images/000006261.jpg	tion of colours. In fact, he used to spend a l
images/000006262.jpg	idea.The king asked - what was his alte
images/000006263.jpg	 butterflies and had a craze for its wonderful co
images/000006264.jpg	was go to school. Except for taking care of 
images/000006265.jpg	en,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about
images/000006266.jpg	large your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrasse
images/000006267.jpg	 including the children. Chinese families 
images/000006268.jpg	 the last fifteen years, has been posing a
images/000006269.jpg	help children to understand the world as 
images/000006270.jpg	 the environment of living, friends make another
images/000006271.jpg	eyShort Stories - A Merchant and his Donk
images/000006272.jpg	e the holes in the fence. Again, you canno
images/000006273.jpg	fferent generations. Those who grow up in hap
images/000006274.jpg	alized what the sparrow had said was cor
images/000006275.jpg	ho Influences Young Adults MostCountless
images/000006276.jpg	 lighter and smaller and the wings would be bea
images/000006277.jpg	 hard he tried, the fox could not find food.
images/000006278.jpg	uding the children. Chinese families tend to s
images/000006279.jpg	, which can also help accumulate and enlarge your
images/000006280.jpg	 Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree with a h
images/000006281.jpg	? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food that he b
images/000006282.jpg	father about the same.  The father appreciated 
images/000006283.jpg	a Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the c
images/000006284.jpg	tunned to hear his order as it would destroy t
images/000006285.jpg	n ten times up, indicating computers are playin
images/000006286.jpg	 Both sides should talk over their problems 
images/000006287.jpg	ed into the hole and when he opened the 
images/000006288.jpg	riends and relatives without previous invitati
images/000006289.jpg	ellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the t
images/000006290.jpg	el embarrassed when making some embarrassing
images/000006291.jpg	row. They continued to blow at our poor firefl
images/000006292.jpg	rfly and he was quite eager to watch the butter
images/000006293.jpg	s open to each other's outlooks on the w
images/000006294.jpg	just crawled around with withered wings and hu
images/000006295.jpg	n the fence was reduced to half. The little bo
images/000006296.jpg	t with his people and accompany them. People o
images/000006297.jpg	ily does play an important role in shapi
images/000006298.jpg	, ‘What do you see there?’The boy replie
images/000006299.jpg	ese families are hospitable. The family ga
images/000006300.jpg	 He complained to his ministers that the roads w
images/000006301.jpg	my parents tell me that they don’t care how I d
images/000006302.jpg	oo busy visiting all the human children to have
images/000006303.jpg	uters are playing a more and more important ro
images/000006304.jpg	respectively more than in other countrie
images/000006305.jpg	hrough the struggles the butterfly would have eme
images/000006306.jpg	 do some housework. She was really tired when I w
images/000006307.jpg	m the ministry came to the king and said that he 
images/000006308.jpg	tely thought that there might be food in it
images/000006309.jpg	with their king and they were proud that their
images/000006310.jpg	her do some housework. She was really tired wh
images/000006311.jpg	as watching the butterfly struggling to b
images/000006312.jpg	ociety, so by contacting with friends one c
images/000006313.jpg	he king asked - what was his alternative id
images/000006314.jpg	 sides keep their minds open to each other'
images/000006315.jpg	r king and they were proud that their king wa
images/000006316.jpg	dcutter had placed the food in the tree trunk w
images/000006317.jpg	 were very happy as they had a very prosperous
images/000006318.jpg	tic increase of the hours that people sp
images/000006319.jpg	In the civilized world humanism plays an
images/000006320.jpg	. The hungry fox immediately thought that t
images/000006321.jpg	.“Emily is from the South and has never seen 
images/000006322.jpg	akers, attend seminars, write letters, etc.
images/000006323.jpg	u know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much 
images/000006324.jpg	utterfly struggling to break the shell for 
images/000006325.jpg	importance and pilgrim centres at distant
images/000006326.jpg	 and hammered a nail. In the next few day
images/000006327.jpg	m to embrace the relationships. Use them to sho
images/000006328.jpg	th sides should talk over their problems wit
images/000006329.jpg	computer is a wonderful machine. Today it 
images/000006330.jpg	ia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthu
images/000006331.jpg	all the ballpoint pens he's bought over the ye
images/000006332.jpg	e". The soldier extended a helping hand to t
images/000006333.jpg	hey reached the slippery riverbank, now delibera
images/000006334.jpg	and he became very happy. He jumped into the hole
images/000006335.jpg	ays and entertain friends. The household
images/000006336.jpg	pressure on myself. One day, my parents tell m
images/000006337.jpg	humanism. If we treat our fellows with respec
images/000006338.jpg	rived when no nail was hammered! Yet, the
images/000006339.jpg	ood that he became too big to fit through the hol
images/000006340.jpg	 man in time of need. The young man's actions
images/000006341.jpg	posing as an out-of-work actor.Together, this dy
images/000006342.jpg	is from the South and has never seen snow bef
images/000006343.jpg	rned home again but re-loaded his donkey with 
images/000006344.jpg	omes to the problem of generation gap, peo
images/000006345.jpg	 time around butterflies. He knew how a but
images/000006346.jpg	nge this for the betterment and happiness of the
images/000006347.jpg	oodness can remind us of the meaning of humanism.
images/000006348.jpg	nd Modern LifeThe computer is a wonderful machin
images/000006349.jpg	ith his words. His bad temper made him fal
images/000006350.jpg	ll you do on Summer Holiday?When I do well in t
images/000006351.jpg	 soldier extended a helping hand to the old man i
images/000006352.jpg	y would struggle to transform from an ugly cat
images/000006353.jpg	came very happy. He jumped into the hole a
images/000006354.jpg	he continuous effort from the butterfly to come 
images/000006355.jpg	 Emily also didn’t know much about Christ
images/000006356.jpg	deas are not cut from the same cloth. Parents m
images/000006357.jpg	even his friends due to anger. He invited all wor
images/000006358.jpg	ddenly they noticed a flock of fireflies. One o
images/000006359.jpg	o cover the road of the whole country with leath
images/000006360.jpg	ey set free the firefly and moved to a nearby 
images/000006361.jpg	to pay closer attention to our fellows. Occasiona
images/000006362.jpg	e. Nothing in the world is difficult for one wh
images/000006363.jpg	exam, I will show my paper to my parents, th
images/000006364.jpg	ir children's hairstyle and weird clothe
images/000006365.jpg	ut the people who used to walk along those roads 
images/000006366.jpg	f you should take shelter in a cave”. The mo
images/000006367.jpg	me very tired. Now they realized what the spar
images/000006368.jpg	happy families tend to have many pleasant c
images/000006369.jpg	ad thought a little before jumping into the h
images/000006370.jpg	, all their attempts failed. Finally, the b
images/000006371.jpg	ung people either turn a deaf ear to the elder
images/000006372.jpg	enomenon? As far as I know, it involves several r
images/000006373.jpg	old his father that it was several days 
images/000006374.jpg	 about the people who used to walk along th
images/000006375.jpg	 and more important role in modern life.What 
images/000006376.jpg	eir attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s father ca
images/000006377.jpg	hrink the body and the wings could support the b
images/000006378.jpg	nd us of the meaning of humanism. If we t
images/000006379.jpg	hem. Most of the things that young generat
images/000006380.jpg	One day, my parents tell me that they don’t
images/000006381.jpg	elebrate holidays and entertain friends. The
images/000006382.jpg	ts way. On reaching the river he again fell int
images/000006383.jpg	o by contacting with friends one can get i
images/000006384.jpg	ther have I,” Harry added, shaking his head.
images/000006385.jpg	 Both sides should talk over their problem
images/000006386.jpg	the next few days, the number of nails hammered 
images/000006387.jpg	r and they were hammered on people. You can rem
images/000006388.jpg	t few days, the number of nails hammered on the 
images/000006389.jpg	example of humanistic behavior. In the event
images/000006390.jpg	ing English better than you. Participate i
images/000006391.jpg	ds, neighbours and even his friends due to
images/000006392.jpg	o anger. He invited all worries for his parents t
images/000006393.jpg	ories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beauti
images/000006394.jpg	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, f
images/000006395.jpg	id to Emily. “So forget about the whole idea.
images/000006396.jpg	old duties, including the children. Chines
images/000006397.jpg	s could support the body.  Unfortunately, neither
images/000006398.jpg	ut of the cocoon. He was watching the butter
images/000006399.jpg	s play an important role in shaping children's
images/000006400.jpg	 the verbal usage. While he forgot what he
images/000006401.jpg	d, “he hasn’t been around this part of the fores
images/000006402.jpg	s scars all over! You can stab a man with a kn
images/000006403.jpg	al qualities to succeed in English learning. 
images/000006404.jpg	 could not get out of the hole. Do you know why?
images/000006405.jpg	, now deliberately, the donkey fell into the riv
images/000006406.jpg	ne can get into the society and become sociabl
images/000006407.jpg	ciated him and asked him pointing to the
images/000006408.jpg	glish textbooks or jonrnals and attend English le
images/000006409.jpg	turn a deaf ear to the elders' experienc
images/000006410.jpg	s make another important part in shaping chi
images/000006411.jpg	 his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a 
images/000006412.jpg	visiting all the human children to have mu
images/000006413.jpg	mily. In China, children live with their
images/000006414.jpg	dren,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about th
images/000006415.jpg	cided to go on a travel to visit places 
images/000006416.jpg	ociety, computers are now widely applied in 
images/000006417.jpg	y it is used a great deal. There is a drastic inc
images/000006418.jpg	ying to make its way to enjoy its world. He decid
images/000006419.jpg	ly. Further more, it gives us insights into oth
images/000006420.jpg	 instead of the load becoming lighter, it beca
images/000006421.jpg	lt thirsty and decided to leave the trunk and 
images/000006422.jpg	ellows with respect and tolerance, many things ma
images/000006423.jpg	 get out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the f
images/000006424.jpg	he other is friends.After one was born, t
images/000006425.jpg	as never able to live a life like a butterfly
images/000006426.jpg	erfly might expand the wings, shrink the 
images/000006427.jpg	y looked no longer beautiful and had a swolle
images/000006428.jpg	water from a nearby spring. However, no m
images/000006429.jpg	 applied in almost every field of our life. 
images/000006430.jpg	 hammered on the fence was reduced to hal
images/000006431.jpg	 piece of leather cut in appropriate shap
images/000006432.jpg	 a time, there was a hungry fox that was
images/000006433.jpg	ything new. Their voices are not taken in
images/000006434.jpg	y, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy building a sn
images/000006435.jpg	 to remove the nails every day as he had c
images/000006436.jpg	s or jonrnals and attend English lectures
images/000006437.jpg	t and the fierce market competition, the price 
images/000006438.jpg	ld, the gap between them will be narrowed down 
images/000006439.jpg	Here is the story of a butterfly that was never
images/000006440.jpg	 a wonderful machine. Today it is used a great de
images/000006441.jpg	fe, whether you admit it or not. When it co
images/000006442.jpg	ors which affect a person's growth. One is fam
images/000006443.jpg	e happily lived under the rule of a king. 
images/000006444.jpg	hbours and even his friends due to anger. He 
images/000006445.jpg	fox immediately thought that there might b
images/000006446.jpg	 no longer beautiful and had a swollen bo
images/000006447.jpg	 the exam, they just want me to be happy. I k
images/000006448.jpg	lost his temper, he ran to the fence and
images/000006449.jpg	alize together, with several generations
images/000006450.jpg	 became very tired. Now they realized what th
images/000006451.jpg	rs that people spend on computers per week
images/000006452.jpg	y struggle, we won’t be able to fly!Chris
images/000006453.jpg	uggling to break the shell for several ho
images/000006454.jpg	order as it would destroy the life of thousands
images/000006455.jpg	ousands of cows to get the sufficient quantity o
images/000006456.jpg	of historical importance and pilgrim centre
images/000006457.jpg	king and they were proud that their king was 
images/000006458.jpg	e them strength and courage. They both help ch
images/000006459.jpg	ive up his anger and develop kindness. Unfortu
images/000006460.jpg	ore, it gives us insights into other cultures and
images/000006461.jpg	eration gap comes into being. Some think
images/000006462.jpg	butterfly looked no longer beautiful and had
images/000006463.jpg	d with his little niece Emily and introduc
images/000006464.jpg	his dynamic pair began a journey through sp
images/000006465.jpg	just have a piece of leather cut in appropriate s
images/000006466.jpg	he fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty and 
images/000006467.jpg	ant, and chronically depressed robot; and 
images/000006468.jpg	uld not get out of the hole. Do you know 
images/000006469.jpg	eral days that he did not hammer any nail an
images/000006470.jpg	 the cocoon to make larger opening for the butte
images/000006471.jpg	 butterfly come out of the cocoon without any mo
images/000006472.jpg	her. They had not walked far when they reac
images/000006473.jpg	just want me to be happy. I know I should relax
images/000006474.jpg	 very much worried about the people who use
images/000006475.jpg	ht be food in it, and he became very happy.
images/000006476.jpg	and the fierce market competition, the price has 
images/000006477.jpg	 man was happy that he made the butterfly come 
images/000006478.jpg	on? As far as I know, it involves several reaso
images/000006479.jpg	 connections between children and the soc
images/000006480.jpg	gress. It seemed that the butterfly tried i
images/000006481.jpg	"The Right Son at the Right Time". The soldier e
images/000006482.jpg	ely, neither the wings expanded or enlarged
images/000006483.jpg	ing worm! Here is the story of a butterfly 
images/000006484.jpg	ricky donkey again set on its way. On reac
images/000006485.jpg	ish better than you. Participate in all oral acti
images/000006486.jpg	 of cows to get the sufficient quantity of 
images/000006487.jpg	umber climbs more than ten times up, indicating
images/000006488.jpg	the kingdom were very happy as they had a very p
images/000006489.jpg	ial quality for successful English learning is p
images/000006490.jpg	s life with abundance of wealth and no misfo
images/000006491.jpg	ly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom
images/000006492.jpg	ack again.The merchant quickly discovere
images/000006493.jpg	n saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had a 
images/000006494.jpg	 give them strength and courage. They both
images/000006495.jpg	ke shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not listen
images/000006496.jpg	ren's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young peop
images/000006497.jpg	 dynamic pair began a journey through space aide
images/000006498.jpg	ys friendly, welcoming, and generous to v
images/000006499.jpg	ke any other beautiful butterflies! The conti
images/000006500.jpg	 nails hammered to the fence was reduced a
images/000006501.jpg	Some think that maybe the old generation i
images/000006502.jpg	uch pressure on myself. One day, my parents 
images/000006503.jpg	e next few days, the number of nails hammere
images/000006504.jpg	 of me, she also has to work. Therefore, 
images/000006505.jpg	ey were walking along together. They had n
images/000006506.jpg	oks or jonrnals and attend English lectures, w
images/000006507.jpg	 butterfly tried its best and could not give
images/000006508.jpg	, he used to spend a lot of time around butterfli
images/000006509.jpg	r the road of the whole country with lea
images/000006510.jpg	 very tired. Now they realized what the spar
images/000006511.jpg	friends give them strength and courage. T
images/000006512.jpg	ound it very difficult to hammer the nails and d
images/000006513.jpg	he cocoon to make larger opening for the butt
images/000006514.jpg	 several hours, there was no progress. It se
images/000006515.jpg	r. He invited all worries for his parent
images/000006516.jpg	ors who can drop in on friends and relatives 
images/000006517.jpg	hristmas time.”“Does he also bring presen
images/000006518.jpg	e day, my parents tell me that they don’t ca
images/000006519.jpg	irst day! Every time he lost his temper, he r
images/000006520.jpg	ntertain friends. The household is always 
images/000006521.jpg	ssed due to his bad temper. The boy used 
images/000006522.jpg	 in the tree trunk while he cut down trees in
images/000006523.jpg	d applauded the minister. He ordered for a pai
images/000006524.jpg	 to practice more to improve my skills.Secon
images/000006525.jpg	The man was happy that he made the butterfl
images/000006526.jpg	ed to a nearby cave.The Hungry Fox who got Caugh
images/000006527.jpg	and their children and keep the lines of comm
images/000006528.jpg	ur daily life, whether you admit it or not. When 
images/000006529.jpg	up with an idea.One day, his father gave h
images/000006530.jpg	he nails were your bad temper and they w
images/000006531.jpg	anism calls for us to pay closer attention to our
images/000006532.jpg	eatening emergency, humanism can be as impo
images/000006533.jpg	nfortunately, all their attempts failed. Finally
images/000006534.jpg	re painful than physical abuse! Use words for go
images/000006535.jpg	py. He jumped into the hole and when he opene
images/000006536.jpg	he verbal usage. While he forgot what he sp
images/000006537.jpg	not taken into account. These different id
images/000006538.jpg	 be happy all the time. But I have put so much pr
images/000006539.jpg	wings could support the body.  Unfortunately, n
images/000006540.jpg	 children live with their parents even af
images/000006541.jpg	 didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who is 
images/000006542.jpg	eep the lines of communications with the
images/000006543.jpg	 caterpillar into a beautiful one.He saw a coc
images/000006544.jpg	head.“You see. Santa Claus is only for h
images/000006545.jpg	y might expand the wings, shrink the body and
images/000006546.jpg	how a butterfly would struggle to transfo
images/000006547.jpg	 road of the whole country with leather so that
images/000006548.jpg	r, while friends give them strength and courage. 
images/000006549.jpg	ey just want me to be happy. I know I should re
images/000006550.jpg	 remove the nails every day as he had cont
images/000006551.jpg	he FenceIn a small village, a little boy live
images/000006552.jpg	 a conversation with their king and they
images/000006553.jpg	ning, a merchant loaded his donkey with bag
images/000006554.jpg	milies offer the environment of living, friends
images/000006555.jpg	nce. He complained to his ministers that t
images/000006556.jpg	 made an order to cover the road of the who
images/000006557.jpg	. But instead of the load becoming lighter, it be
images/000006558.jpg	d. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree with
images/000006559.jpg	ay, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies a
images/000006560.jpg	 hours to come out through the tiny opening. U
images/000006561.jpg	erent purposes. Some students need it to r
images/000006562.jpg	ll village, a little boy lived with his fath
images/000006563.jpg	roblem. As long as both sides keep their 
images/000006564.jpg	d us of the meaning of humanism. If we trea
images/000006565.jpg	Friends are the connections between children a
images/000006566.jpg	ggling to break the shell for several hours. 
images/000006567.jpg	orld. He decided to sit over and watch how 
images/000006568.jpg	have a conversation with their king and they were
images/000006569.jpg	ld let the fluid stored in the body convert i
images/000006570.jpg	ur poor firefly.After some time the monk
images/000006571.jpg	les. He continued to watch the butterfly
images/000006572.jpg	and taunt others with his words. His bad
images/000006573.jpg	taunt others with his words. His bad temp
images/000006574.jpg	s due to anger. He invited all worries f
images/000006575.jpg	er the rule of a king. The people of the k
images/000006576.jpg	uess he is too busy visiting all the huma
images/000006577.jpg	imidated even though you find others speaking Eng
images/000006578.jpg	 of generation gap, people's ideas are not c
images/000006579.jpg	ol. Except for taking care of me, she also has t
images/000006580.jpg	here was a hungry fox that was looking for
images/000006581.jpg	ird clothes. Young people either turn a deaf 
images/000006582.jpg	 Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick 
images/000006583.jpg	ch food that he became too big to fit thr
images/000006584.jpg	ngry Fox who got Caught in the Tree Trun
images/000006585.jpg	n from the ministry came to the king and s
images/000006586.jpg	s of cows to get the sufficient quantity of
images/000006587.jpg	sters that the roads weren’t comfortable an
images/000006588.jpg	sed to spend a lot of time around butterflies
images/000006589.jpg	, with several generations gathering around the
images/000006590.jpg	 the road with leather? Rather, you can just 
images/000006591.jpg	told his father about the same.  The father
images/000006592.jpg	d generation is too conservative to accept a
images/000006593.jpg	y cave.The Hungry Fox who got Caught in the Tre
images/000006594.jpg	rlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up a
images/000006595.jpg	 the same cloth. Parents may not be in favor of t
images/000006596.jpg	in face of hardship. Don't be intimidated
images/000006597.jpg	ater. But instead of the load becoming light
images/000006598.jpg	emper and anger were like that! Words are more 
images/000006599.jpg	posing as an out-of-work actor.Together, thi
images/000006600.jpg	urned home again but re-loaded his donkey 
images/000006601.jpg	y more than in other countries' family. In 
images/000006602.jpg	nd huge body. It was never able to fly all th
images/000006603.jpg	as able to pull out most of the nails from the f
images/000006604.jpg	 complained to his ministers that the roads w
images/000006605.jpg	oon. The butterfly emerged without any s
images/000006606.jpg	some students need to use it to talk to E
images/000006607.jpg	some students need to use it to talk to En
images/000006608.jpg	ately thought that there might be food in it, and
images/000006609.jpg	Together, this dynamic pair began a jou
images/000006610.jpg	r holiday is coming.I am going to do many
images/000006611.jpg	o kind with a good heart!After several 
images/000006612.jpg	While he forgot what he spoke in anger, his
images/000006613.jpg	a beautiful and colourful butterfly comes from
images/000006614.jpg	oon would let the fluid stored in the body 
images/000006615.jpg	wings and huge body. It was never able to fly
images/000006616.jpg	d generation is too conservative to accept anyth
images/000006617.jpg	l. In order to improve the ability of English r
images/000006618.jpg	come out of the cocoon without any more strugg
images/000006619.jpg	orries for his parents through the verbal usage
images/000006620.jpg	s father that it was several days that he did no
images/000006621.jpg	ence-based advice or set themselves again
images/000006622.jpg	The man, who had a passion and love for bu
images/000006623.jpg	ld himself, “I wish that I had thought a lit
images/000006624.jpg	fox was very sad and upset. He told himself, “I w
images/000006625.jpg	 in the fence for 30 times on the first day
images/000006626.jpg	ends. The household is always friendly, welcom
images/000006627.jpg	go to school. Except for taking care of me,
images/000006628.jpg	several reasons. With the rapid progressing
images/000006629.jpg	ppery riverbank, now deliberately, the d
images/000006630.jpg	verbal usage. While he forgot what he spoke 
images/000006631.jpg	ther have I,” Harry added, shaking his he
images/000006632.jpg	There are two apparent factors which affec
images/000006633.jpg	ay influence a person's growth. There are tw
images/000006634.jpg	y, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies a
images/000006635.jpg	t be intimidated even though you find others 
images/000006636.jpg	iny opening. It meant that the butterfly was 
images/000006637.jpg	s that people spend on computers per week, 
images/000006638.jpg	 a hungry fox that was looking for something 
images/000006639.jpg	s parents through the verbal usage. While
images/000006640.jpg	we die? For all the answers, stick your thumb t
images/000006641.jpg	s. It seemed that the butterfly tried its be
images/000006642.jpg	 and become sociable.In a word, families offer c
images/000006643.jpg	  The father appreciated him and asked him 
images/000006644.jpg	it places of historical importance and pilgrim
images/000006645.jpg	l usage. While he forgot what he spoke in anger,
images/000006646.jpg	 any more struggles. He continued to watch th
images/000006647.jpg	not listen to the sparrow. They continued 
images/000006648.jpg	 my skills.Second I will go to my grandma's ho
images/000006649.jpg	nd will remain there forever. Your bad t
images/000006650.jpg	ed into the hole and when he opened the pac
images/000006651.jpg	aughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is
images/000006652.jpg	ed to blow at our poor firefly.After so
images/000006653.jpg	d the wings could support the body.  Unfortuna
images/000006654.jpg	 prosperous life with abundance of wealth and 
images/000006655.jpg	 to sit over and watch how the butterfly wo
images/000006656.jpg	 depressed due to his bad temper. The boy used to
images/000006657.jpg	er's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last fi
images/000006658.jpg	storical importance and pilgrim centres at dista
images/000006659.jpg	when no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did 
images/000006660.jpg	nce and pilgrim centres at distant places. 
images/000006661.jpg	eople have different opinions on the reasons why
images/000006662.jpg	s fire.He caught a firefly. He put it und
images/000006663.jpg	lies and had a craze for its wonderful combinati
images/000006664.jpg	 of beliefs that focuses on common human needs an
images/000006665.jpg	 flock of fireflies. One of the young mon
images/000006666.jpg	thought that he had to change this for the be
images/000006667.jpg	 If we treat our fellows with respect and tol
images/000006668.jpg	s before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty a
images/000006669.jpg	ry hungry. No matter how hard he tried, th
images/000006670.jpg	rfly and he was quite eager to watch the butterfl
images/000006671.jpg	 after continuous attempts for several ho
images/000006672.jpg	s together to celebrate holidays and entertain f
images/000006673.jpg	es for him and requested the countrymen to 
images/000006674.jpg	h. There are two apparent factors which affe
images/000006675.jpg	o misfortunes.The king decided to go on a trav
images/000006676.jpg	far as I know, it involves several reasons. With 
images/000006677.jpg	il. In the next few days, the number of nails 
images/000006678.jpg	lebrate holidays and entertain friends. The house
images/000006679.jpg	 is a drastic increase of the hours that pe
images/000006680.jpg	lish lectures, while some students need t
images/000006681.jpg	oy did not lose his temper. He told his father 
images/000006682.jpg	he sparrow continued: “I think all of you shou
images/000006683.jpg	een him, myself.”“Neither have I,” Harry add
images/000006684.jpg	 exists in our daily life, whether you admit i
images/000006685.jpg	ough the man did it with good intention, on
images/000006686.jpg	 I want to help her in the holidays.What w
images/000006687.jpg	y time he became angry and to lose his t
images/000006688.jpg	he fluid stored in the body convert into wings. 
images/000006689.jpg	inars, write letters, etc.Students should h
images/000006690.jpg	our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of cos
images/000006691.jpg	 ability of English reading comprehension, one s
images/000006692.jpg	 humanism is apparent in the story of "Th
images/000006693.jpg	ey noticed a flock of fireflies. One of the young
images/000006694.jpg	ld come out of the cocoon. He was watching the 
images/000006695.jpg	e butterfly might expand the wings, shrink 
images/000006696.jpg	 the food in the tree trunk while he cut down
images/000006697.jpg	ation gap, people's ideas are not cut from 
images/000006698.jpg	 different ideas disturb both of them. Most of t
images/000006699.jpg	ence. Again, you cannot pull out a few nails. Th
images/000006700.jpg	speaking English better than you. Partic
images/000006701.jpg	r angry words. He scolded kids, neighbours 
images/000006702.jpg	d and the boy was able to pull out most of
images/000006703.jpg	nts even after they get married. So a household 
images/000006704.jpg	sh we could find some fire. It will help u
images/000006705.jpg	It requires much time, commitment and disci
images/000006706.jpg	s his first trip by foot to longer distance
images/000006707.jpg	ire”.The sparrow continued: “I think all of you
images/000006708.jpg	r several days.Last I will help my mothe
images/000006709.jpg	nt to stay with her for several days.Last I wil
images/000006710.jpg	able pain in his feet as it was his first
images/000006711.jpg	 out a few nails. The fence never look the 
images/000006712.jpg	d. Finally he went to the edge of the fo
images/000006713.jpg	ipped and fell into the river and noticed that th
images/000006714.jpg	asant characters. If we say that families offer 
images/000006715.jpg	 quite happy that he visited many pilgrim centres
images/000006716.jpg	much pressure on myself. One day, my parents tel
images/000006717.jpg	 leading a propitious life. However, he had 
images/000006718.jpg	at they were doing. The sparrow laughed. She
images/000006719.jpg	ever, there remained a few nails that the boy cou
images/000006720.jpg	a merchant loaded his donkey with bags of salt to
images/000006721.jpg	 students need English and they need it for diffe
images/000006722.jpg	e wings, shrink the body and the wings could su
images/000006723.jpg	er attention to our fellows. Occasional example
images/000006724.jpg	ith friends one can get into the society a
images/000006725.jpg	t for taking care of me, she also has to work. T
images/000006726.jpg	ration gap exists in our daily life, whethe
images/000006727.jpg	o you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten s
images/000006728.jpg	nt generations. Those who grow up in happy famil
images/000006729.jpg	 way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent
images/000006730.jpg	The soldier extended a helping hand to the old ma
images/000006731.jpg	e man did it with good intention, only g
images/000006732.jpg	ts are children's first teachers, so famil
images/000006733.jpg	 better your spoken English will be. Not
images/000006734.jpg	ery depressed due to his bad temper. The
images/000006735.jpg	h that I had thought a little before jumping
images/000006736.jpg	olerance, many things may turn out for the better
images/000006737.jpg	”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shiv
images/000006738.jpg	en years, has been posing as an out-of-work act
images/000006739.jpg	around with withered wings and huge body.
images/000006740.jpg	t few days, the number of nails hammered on 
images/000006741.jpg	e's ideas are not cut from the same cloth
images/000006742.jpg	 fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few 
images/000006743.jpg	Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know much abo
images/000006744.jpg	 never look the same! It has scars all over! Y
images/000006745.jpg	f cows to get the sufficient quantity of leather 
images/000006746.jpg	children and the society, so by contactin
images/000006747.jpg	as hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his 
images/000006748.jpg	iend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the re
images/000006749.jpg	mb to the stars!Summer holiday is coming.I am g
images/000006750.jpg	relationships. Use them to show your heart!”A 
images/000006751.jpg	e saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that 
images/000006752.jpg	ildren's character. As parents, they should
images/000006753.jpg	far when they reached a river on the road.Un
images/000006754.jpg	riends make another important part in shaping ch
images/000006755.jpg	 climbs more than ten times up, indicating
images/000006756.jpg	ing thought that he had to change this for
images/000006757.jpg	s a firefly, not real fire”.The sparrow
images/000006758.jpg	ere is the story of a butterfly that was neve
images/000006759.jpg	 country with leather so that people might fee
images/000006760.jpg	munications with them open, at the same time
images/000006761.jpg	d thought a little before jumping into t
images/000006762.jpg	 there was a hungry fox that was looking for s
images/000006763.jpg	om an unappealing worm! Here is the story of a 
images/000006764.jpg	iety, so by contacting with friends one can ge
images/000006765.jpg	mered on people. You can remove the nails bu
images/000006766.jpg	ept for taking care of me, she also has 
images/000006767.jpg	 around butterflies. He knew how a butterfly 
images/000006768.jpg	y of English reading comprehension, one should 
images/000006769.jpg	his temper. He told his father that it was seve
images/000006770.jpg	e continuous effort from the butterfly to come
images/000006771.jpg	he continuous effort from the butterfly to come o
images/000006772.jpg	r food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tre
images/000006773.jpg	. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree 
images/000006774.jpg	nail to the fence every time he became angry
images/000006775.jpg	n the world, the gap between them will be nar
images/000006776.jpg	 wear shoes. FoolsIt was a cold and silent nigh
images/000006777.jpg	ours, there was no progress. It seemed that the
images/000006778.jpg	e and were very stony. He could not tole
images/000006779.jpg	he merchant could do, except return home 
images/000006780.jpg	ike any other beautiful butterflies! The co
images/000006781.jpg	r graduate student obsessed with the disappearan
images/000006782.jpg	e went to the edge of the forest and searched th
images/000006783.jpg	nd on computers per week, ranging from about
images/000006784.jpg	untless factors may influence a person's growth. 
images/000006785.jpg	dered for a pair of leather shoes for him and req
images/000006786.jpg	rent ideas disturb both of them. Most of the
images/000006787.jpg	 cannot pull out a few nails. The fence n
images/000006788.jpg	he gap between them will be narrowed down in ti
images/000006789.jpg	be narrowed down in time. Both sides should t
images/000006790.jpg	they should learn to understand their childre
images/000006791.jpg	nkey’s trick. He then returned home again bu
images/000006792.jpg	eachers, so family does play an important role i
images/000006793.jpg	 Several days passed and the boy was able to 
images/000006794.jpg	nd large.If we don’t want to undergo any st
images/000006795.jpg	o-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and tot
images/000006796.jpg	the old man in time of need. The young man's
images/000006797.jpg	gress. It seemed that the butterfly tried 
images/000006798.jpg	to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it involve
images/000006799.jpg	e same! It has scars all over! You can sta
images/000006800.jpg	m can be as important as actual medical treatment
images/000006801.jpg	hension, one should get access to a lot of 
images/000006802.jpg	re are two apparent factors which affect
images/000006803.jpg	 you speak, the better your spoken English
images/000006804.jpg	ristmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy
images/000006805.jpg	 betterment and happiness of the people.His min
images/000006806.jpg	vely more than in other countries' family
images/000006807.jpg	n live with their parents even after they get mar
images/000006808.jpg	mpany them. People of distant places were so 
images/000006809.jpg	understand the world as it is, so they are th
images/000006810.jpg	passed and the boy was able to pull out mos
images/000006811.jpg	 asked his son to hammer one nail to the fence 
images/000006812.jpg	 how hard he tried, the fox could not find food
images/000006813.jpg	ening emergency, humanism can be as important a
images/000006814.jpg	new. Their voices are not taken into accou
images/000006815.jpg	n to the sparrow. They continued to blow 
images/000006816.jpg	 foolish, tricky donkey again set on its 
images/000006817.jpg	 all the human children to have much tim
images/000006818.jpg	r told, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy anima
images/000006819.jpg	ing to eat. He was very hungry. No matter
images/000006820.jpg	 donkey slipped and fell into the river and not
images/000006821.jpg	ike that! Words are more painful than physical 
images/000006822.jpg	a nearby spring. However, no matter how hard he
images/000006823.jpg	at there might be food in it, and he became very 
images/000006824.jpg	an a journey through space aided by a galaxyful 
images/000006825.jpg	owever, no matter how hard he tried, he 
images/000006826.jpg	 very soon and taunt others with his wor
images/000006827.jpg	he number of nails hammered on the fence 
images/000006828.jpg	he noticed what they were doing. The sparrow
images/000006829.jpg	hole.”Computers and Modern LifeThe computer 
images/000006830.jpg	 food in it, and he became very happy. He jumped
images/000006831.jpg	n order to improve the ability of English re
images/000006832.jpg	needs and seeks rational ways of solving hum
images/000006833.jpg	hungry. No matter how hard he tried, the fox
images/000006834.jpg	I want to help her in the holidays.What will you
images/000006835.jpg	ee-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch pres
images/000006836.jpg	ven though you find others speaking English
images/000006837.jpg	r cut in appropriate shape to cover your fee
images/000006838.jpg	quite eager to watch the butterfly fly with i
images/000006839.jpg	ck of fireflies. One of the young monkeys
images/000006840.jpg	immediately thought that there might be f
images/000006841.jpg	ildren warmth, care and shelter, while friends
images/000006842.jpg	alt to go to the market in order to sell
images/000006843.jpg	m fall for angry words. He scolded kids, n
images/000006844.jpg	ious and accepted to do what his father s
images/000006845.jpg	o you think he will come if I write to him?” Emil
images/000006846.jpg	t they don’t care how I do well in the exam, they
images/000006847.jpg	ousework. She was really tired when I was go to 
images/000006848.jpg	s play an important role in shaping children's c
images/000006849.jpg	es are not taken into account. These different 
images/000006850.jpg	imes up, indicating computers are playing a more
images/000006851.jpg	r distance. He complained to his ministers tha
images/000006852.jpg	e number of nails hammered on the fence was
images/000006853.jpg	 bags of salt to go to the market in order to 
images/000006854.jpg	s, they are so happy to see me do well i
images/000006855.jpg	orical importance and pilgrim centres at dis
images/000006856.jpg	live with their parents even after they get marr
images/000006857.jpg	 man from the ministry came to the king an
images/000006858.jpg	 for us to pay closer attention to our fellows. O
images/000006859.jpg	hat the butterfly tried its best and could 
images/000006860.jpg	of the forest for many years. I guess he is to
images/000006861.jpg	realized what the sparrow had said was correct.
images/000006862.jpg	 for solving the problem. As long as both si
images/000006863.jpg	s decided to help the butterfly. He got a 
images/000006864.jpg	o help the butterfly. He got a pair of sci
images/000006865.jpg	a big tree with a hole in it.Inside the hole was
images/000006866.jpg	of distant places were so happy to have a conv
images/000006867.jpg	t.In the civilized world humanism plays an i
images/000006868.jpg	ching the river he again fell into the wa
images/000006869.jpg	s. I guess he is too busy visiting all the hu
images/000006870.jpg	used to walk along those roads as it would b
images/000006871.jpg	re, I want to help her in the holidays.What will
images/000006872.jpg	ther, with several generations gathering around t
images/000006873.jpg	ght in the Tree TrunkOnce upon a time, t
images/000006874.jpg	ammered to the fence was reduced and the 
images/000006875.jpg	ey are so happy to see me do well in the exam. 
images/000006876.jpg	les in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a 
images/000006877.jpg	gh the man did it with good intention, only 
images/000006878.jpg	gain, you cannot pull out a few nails. The fence 
images/000006879.jpg	China, children live with their parents even a
images/000006880.jpg	he only son for them. The parents of the lit
images/000006881.jpg	 order to cover the road of the whole country wit
images/000006882.jpg	isten to the sparrow. They continued to blo
images/000006883.jpg	only son for them. The parents of the little boy 
images/000006884.jpg	o do what his father said.The nails drov
images/000006885.jpg	 drop in on friends and relatives withou
images/000006886.jpg	 may turn out for the better. Humanism ma
images/000006887.jpg	“I’ve never seen him, myself.”“Neither have I,” 
images/000006888.jpg	sure on myself. One day, my parents tell me 
images/000006889.jpg	on with tiny opening. It meant that the butte
images/000006890.jpg	r has brought a lot of benefits to us. It
images/000006891.jpg	. After the fox had finished eating, he fel
images/000006892.jpg	e. The hungry fox immediately thought that the
images/000006893.jpg	t it or not. When it comes to the proble
images/000006894.jpg	ately, all their attempts failed. Finally, the b
images/000006895.jpg	 sets his mind on it.Views on Generation Gap
images/000006896.jpg	 stunned to hear his order as it would destro
images/000006897.jpg	hing in the world is difficult for one wh
images/000006898.jpg	fter they get married. So a household consisting 
images/000006899.jpg	 in a Chinese family are respectively more 
images/000006900.jpg	stic increase of the hours that people spend on 
images/000006901.jpg	turned out Emily also didn’t know much a
images/000006902.jpg	For exampie,first I will jion a soccer club,becau
images/000006903.jpg	ment of living, friends make another important p
images/000006904.jpg	wever, there remained a few nails that the b
images/000006905.jpg	e in all oral activities. The more you speak, 
images/000006906.jpg	 said to Emily. “So forget about the whole idea. 
images/000006907.jpg	 The family gathers together to celebrate ho
images/000006908.jpg	. With the rapid progressing of the society, com
images/000006909.jpg	 of all the ballpoint pens he's bought over
images/000006910.jpg	would have emerged like any other beauti
images/000006911.jpg	ed. The young man's actions were the example of h
images/000006912.jpg	vited all worries for his parents through the ve
images/000006913.jpg	t a little before jumping into the hole.”
images/000006914.jpg	planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher 
images/000006915.jpg	e! It has scars all over! You can stab a m
images/000006916.jpg	l days.Last I will help my mother do some 
images/000006917.jpg	n to understand the world as it is, so they are
images/000006918.jpg	how hard he tried, the fox could not fin
images/000006919.jpg	u can just have a piece of leather cut in appr
images/000006920.jpg	t that at any time, the butterfly might e
images/000006921.jpg	 only for human children,” Fritz said to Emily. 
images/000006922.jpg	he problem. As long as both sides keep th
images/000006923.jpg	he cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly
images/000006924.jpg	ortunately, the butterfly just crawled aroun
images/000006925.jpg	en no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lo
images/000006926.jpg	ving, friends make another important part in shap
images/000006927.jpg	ther do some housework. She was really tire
images/000006928.jpg	ed under the rule of a king. The people of 
images/000006929.jpg	u can just have a piece of leather cut in a
images/000006930.jpg	rning is perseverance in face of hardship. Don'
images/000006931.jpg	friendly, welcoming, and generous to visito
images/000006932.jpg	Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful sprin
images/000006933.jpg	 fell into the river and noticed that the bags 
images/000006934.jpg	he family contributes to household dutie
images/000006935.jpg	 miss her very much.I want to stay with h
images/000006936.jpg	ve idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to
images/000006937.jpg	nglish will be. Nothing in the world is diffi
images/000006938.jpg	pplied in almost every field of our life. Meanwhi
images/000006939.jpg	e. You can remove the nails but still see the ho
images/000006940.jpg	eople have different opinions on the reasons w
images/000006941.jpg	ivering in the cold air.“Santa Claus,” I 
images/000006942.jpg	ith his little niece Emily and introduced her.
images/000006943.jpg	ould see his fellow people leading a pro
images/000006944.jpg	 in shaping children's personality. Friends ar
images/000006945.jpg	t a beautiful and colourful butterfly co
images/000006946.jpg	rs all over! You can stab a man with a k
images/000006947.jpg	 is only for human children,” Fritz said 
images/000006948.jpg	 he also bring presents to animal children?” Emi
images/000006949.jpg	. He got a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoo
images/000006950.jpg	key again set on its way. On reaching the r
images/000006951.jpg	going to eat it for his lunch.The fox happily 
images/000006952.jpg	ed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch president
images/000006953.jpg	wo days before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Mon
images/000006954.jpg	ther and father consoled him in many ways
images/000006955.jpg	 Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the c
images/000006956.jpg	ore quickly. Further more, it gives us insi
images/000006957.jpg	he next few days, the number of nails hammered 
images/000006958.jpg	ts, they should learn to understand their childre
images/000006959.jpg	hat young generation is keen on are disgusti
images/000006960.jpg	ing to its branches. One of the monkeys 
images/000006961.jpg	the boy was able to pull out most of the na
images/000006962.jpg	 return home where he loaded his donkey w
images/000006963.jpg	 stay with her for several days.Last I will
images/000006964.jpg	age. They both help children to understand the
images/000006965.jpg	between children and the society, so by conta
images/000006966.jpg	t our winters.”It turned out Emily also didn’t 
images/000006967.jpg	ciety. Humanism calls for us to pay closer
images/000006968.jpg	that I had thought a little before jumpin
images/000006969.jpg	o stay with her for several days.Last I will
images/000006970.jpg	lax myself and be happy.A Hole in the FenceIn 
images/000006971.jpg	iend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the re
images/000006972.jpg	out the same.  The father appreciated him
images/000006973.jpg	er. He was the only son for them. The par
images/000006974.jpg	aughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that 
images/000006975.jpg	s nest. The monkeys were sitting on the 
images/000006976.jpg	s play an important role in shaping child
images/000006977.jpg	beautiful and colourful butterfly comes fro
images/000006978.jpg	are how I do well in the exam, they just want
images/000006979.jpg	king English better than you. Participate 
images/000006980.jpg	e, commitment and discipline to learn Engli
images/000006981.jpg	's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at 
images/000006982.jpg	apparent in the story of "The Right Son at th
images/000006983.jpg	 the society, computers are now widely ap
images/000006984.jpg	unappealing worm! Here is the story of a butt
images/000006985.jpg	tions with them open, at the same time the
images/000006986.jpg	ng. A group of monkeys were on a tree. They we
images/000006987.jpg	y, my parents tell me that they don’t care 
images/000006988.jpg	eaked the cocoon to make larger opening for t
images/000006989.jpg	o the fence was reduced and the day arrived whe
images/000006990.jpg	g the problem. As long as both sides keep their
images/000006991.jpg	tion, the price has been marked down ove
images/000006992.jpg	 it was fire.He caught a firefly. He put
images/000006993.jpg	at our fellows with respect and tolerance, many t
images/000006994.jpg	 get out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, th
images/000006995.jpg	s reduced and the day arrived when no nail
images/000006996.jpg	ciety, computers are now widely applied in almo
images/000006997.jpg	 cost and the fierce market competition, 
images/000006998.jpg	s per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours to abo
images/000006999.jpg	 a package. The hungry fox immediately though
images/000007000.jpg	heir problems with each other actively, sincere
images/000007001.jpg	occer.During the summer holiday, I want to
images/000007002.jpg	end a lot of time around butterflies. He knew 
images/000007003.jpg	as no progress. It seemed that the butterfly 
images/000007004.jpg	g English better than you. Participate in all ora
images/000007005.jpg	nappealing worm! Here is the story of a butterfl
images/000007006.jpg	erent opinions on the reasons why generation 
images/000007007.jpg	Now they realized what the sparrow had said
images/000007008.jpg	 medical treatment.In the civilized worl
images/000007009.jpg	ogether, this dynamic pair began a journey 
images/000007010.jpg	ral days that he did not hammer any nail and
images/000007011.jpg	say that families offer the environment of livin
images/000007012.jpg	h the cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly 
images/000007013.jpg	to eat. After the fox had finished eating, 
images/000007014.jpg	hey don’t care how I do well in the exam, the
images/000007015.jpg	e boy found it hilarious and accepted to do what 
images/000007016.jpg	monstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism i
images/000007017.jpg	vent of a life-threatening emergency, hum
images/000007018.jpg	e is a drastic increase of the hours that people
images/000007019.jpg	o to the market in order to sell them. T
images/000007020.jpg	 human children to have much time left for an
images/000007021.jpg	own trees in the forest. He was going to eat i
images/000007022.jpg	of the family contributes to household duties
images/000007023.jpg	he forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends an
images/000007024.jpg	elp accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Do
images/000007025.jpg	e he loaded his donkey with more bags of 
images/000007026.jpg	ading comprehension, one should get access 
images/000007027.jpg	 is used a great deal. There is a drastic incr
images/000007028.jpg	piece of leather cut in appropriate shape to co
images/000007029.jpg	hard he tried, he could not get out of the h
images/000007030.jpg	problems with each other actively, sincerely 
images/000007031.jpg	She was really tired when I was go to school. Exc
images/000007032.jpg	anism is a system of beliefs that focuses o
images/000007033.jpg	 many years. I guess he is too busy visiting
images/000007034.jpg	The fox was very sad and upset. He told himsel
images/000007035.jpg	alaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeb
images/000007036.jpg	 know much about our winters.”It turned out Em
images/000007037.jpg	nd hammered a nail. In the next few days
images/000007038.jpg	ished eating, he felt thirsty and decided to le
images/000007039.jpg	he king thought that he had to change this for
images/000007040.jpg	rstand their children and keep the lines of
images/000007041.jpg	rs per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours 
images/000007042.jpg	 time he became angry and to lose his temper. T
images/000007043.jpg	he noticed what they were doing. The sparr
images/000007044.jpg	sm. If we treat our fellows with respect an
images/000007045.jpg	,” I explained, “brings presents and toys to
images/000007046.jpg	could support the body.  Unfortunately, neither t
images/000007047.jpg	e old generation is too conservative to acc
images/000007048.jpg	that maybe the old generation is too conserva
images/000007049.jpg	ers have been proud of.People have different opi
images/000007050.jpg	ings expanded or enlarged nor the swollen b
images/000007051.jpg	ing hand to the old man in time of need. Th
images/000007052.jpg	 growth. One is family, and the other is frien
images/000007053.jpg	ulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making som
images/000007054.jpg	h path.He said he was very much worried about t
images/000007055.jpg	n to eat. After the fox had finished eat
images/000007056.jpg	ld a more beautiful place to live in.
images/000007057.jpg	ing. The people of the kingdom were very h
images/000007058.jpg	pring. However, no matter how hard he tried, h
images/000007059.jpg	hould talk over their problems with each other ac
images/000007060.jpg	ot taken into account. These different i
images/000007061.jpg	isters were stunned to hear his order as 
images/000007062.jpg	s. With the rapid progressing of the society, 
images/000007063.jpg	them. The merchant and his donkey were walking al
images/000007064.jpg	er to celebrate holidays and entertain frie
images/000007065.jpg	rfly had been struggling very hard for hours t
images/000007066.jpg	rrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys th
images/000007067.jpg	s should talk over their problems with each ot
images/000007068.jpg	 gives us insights into other cultures and keeps 
images/000007069.jpg	and wasted all the bags of salt on its back agai
images/000007070.jpg	illan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried 
images/000007071.jpg	icipate in all oral activities. The more you spe
images/000007072.jpg	e it to talk to English-speakers, attend 
images/000007073.jpg	olded kids, neighbours and even his friends due
images/000007074.jpg	 but the wound will remain there forever. Y
images/000007075.jpg	th leather? Rather, you can just have a piece
images/000007076.jpg	ever seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn
images/000007077.jpg	 worm! Here is the story of a butterfly that was
images/000007078.jpg	y that families offer the environment of livin
images/000007079.jpg	ver, there remained a few nails that the boy
images/000007080.jpg	sters were stunned to hear his order as 
images/000007081.jpg	es are hospitable. The family gathers together t
images/000007082.jpg	ow continued: “I think all of you should take 
images/000007083.jpg	ungry fox that was looking for something to eat
images/000007084.jpg	ht that there might be food in it, and he became 
images/000007085.jpg	 of you should take shelter in a cave”. The mo
images/000007086.jpg	haking his head.“You see. Santa Claus is only 
images/000007087.jpg	 that young generation is keen on are disgus
images/000007088.jpg	t for many years. I guess he is too busy vis
images/000007089.jpg	 every field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to t
images/000007090.jpg	 all over! You can stab a man with a knife, but
images/000007091.jpg	ery hard for hours to come out through t
images/000007092.jpg	After one was born, the first surroundings
images/000007093.jpg	ber of nails hammered to the fence was reduced an
images/000007094.jpg	 by foot to longer distance. He complaine
images/000007095.jpg	olsIt was a cold and silent night. The weather
images/000007096.jpg	o undergo any struggle, we won’t be able t
images/000007097.jpg	e foolish, tricky donkey again set on its way. On
images/000007098.jpg	llow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-hea
images/000007099.jpg	r several hours, there was no progress. It seemed
images/000007100.jpg	e it to talk to English-speakers, attend sem
images/000007101.jpg	ey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not real f
images/000007102.jpg	her in the holidays.What will you do on Summer H
images/000007103.jpg	demolished to make way for a galactic freeway, A
images/000007104.jpg	irst teachers, so family does play an important r
images/000007105.jpg	fore, I want to help her in the holidays.What 
images/000007106.jpg	ildren's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young pe
images/000007107.jpg	rent ideas disturb both of them. Most of the thi
images/000007108.jpg	married. So a household consisting of three gene
images/000007109.jpg	wed down in time. Both sides should talk ov
images/000007110.jpg	ack again.The merchant quickly discovered t
images/000007111.jpg	 would have emerged like any other beautiful
images/000007112.jpg	ehold consisting of three generations is common.
images/000007113.jpg	e saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant
images/000007114.jpg	udents need English and they need it for
images/000007115.jpg	und this part of the forest for many years. I
images/000007116.jpg	rfly to come out of its cocoon would let the flui
images/000007117.jpg	“I wish we could find some fire. It will
images/000007118.jpg	r feet?’The king was very much surprise
images/000007119.jpg	uantity of leather and it would cost a huge am
images/000007120.jpg	n into account. These different ideas distu
images/000007121.jpg	 way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is 
images/000007122.jpg	eather? Rather, you can just have a piece
images/000007123.jpg	rous to visitors who can drop in on friends a
images/000007124.jpg	 cover your feet?’The king was very muc
images/000007125.jpg	colours. In fact, he used to spend a lot of 
images/000007126.jpg	le. The family gathers together to celebrate hol
images/000007127.jpg	d relatives without previous invitation.Chines
images/000007128.jpg	.Views on Generation GapGeneration gap exis
images/000007129.jpg	ow before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know 
images/000007130.jpg	humanism. The spirit of humanism is apparent in 
images/000007131.jpg	oy its world. He decided to sit over and watch 
images/000007132.jpg	d down in time. Both sides should talk over th
images/000007133.jpg	glish and they need it for different purpo
images/000007134.jpg	ised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the
images/000007135.jpg	ab a man with a knife, but the wound will rema
images/000007136.jpg	 Emily also didn’t know much about Christ
images/000007137.jpg	 the road.Unfortunately, the donkey slipped and 
images/000007138.jpg	that he made the butterfly come out of the cocoon
images/000007139.jpg	t others with his words. His bad temper made
images/000007140.jpg	e price has been marked down over and over
images/000007141.jpg	n fell into the water. But instead of the lo
images/000007142.jpg	A Hole in the FenceIn a small village, a li
images/000007143.jpg	f leather cut in appropriate shape to cover y
images/000007144.jpg	 hard he tried, he could not get out of th
images/000007145.jpg	y realized what the sparrow had said was
images/000007146.jpg	tely, neither the wings expanded or enlarged nor 
images/000007147.jpg	aking care of me, she also has to work. T
images/000007148.jpg	refore, I want to help her in the holidays.Wh
images/000007149.jpg	ell in the exam, they just want me to be h
images/000007150.jpg	 girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up a
images/000007151.jpg	g of the society, computers are now widely appl
images/000007152.jpg	a soccer club,because I like playing soccer.D
images/000007153.jpg	r very much.I want to stay with her for seve
images/000007154.jpg	n is keen on are disgusting to them.Both gener
images/000007155.jpg	river and wasted all the bags of salt on its
images/000007156.jpg	t a cocktail party once upon a time zone; Marvi
images/000007157.jpg	fly. The butterfly had been struggling very 
images/000007158.jpg	ct with his people and accompany them. Peopl
images/000007159.jpg	 idea. Let’s go home now before you catch a col
images/000007160.jpg	py that he made the butterfly come out o
images/000007161.jpg	It turned out Emily also didn’t know much
images/000007162.jpg	nd anger were like that! Words are more painf
images/000007163.jpg	friend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at 
images/000007164.jpg	matter how hard he tried, he could not get o
images/000007165.jpg	ds are the connections between children and the 
images/000007166.jpg	e shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not li
images/000007167.jpg	ic behavior. In the event of a life-threatening
images/000007168.jpg	t from the butterfly to come out of its cocoon wo
images/000007169.jpg	lows. Occasional examples of human goodness can 
images/000007170.jpg	d to the old man in time of need. The youn
images/000007171.jpg	roads weren’t comfortable and were very stony. H
images/000007172.jpg	re playing a more and more important rol
images/000007173.jpg	minds open to each other's outlooks on the wo
images/000007174.jpg	fly had been struggling very hard for hours to
images/000007175.jpg	h learning is perseverance in face of hard
images/000007176.jpg	 they don’t care how I do well in the exam, they
images/000007177.jpg	l village, a little boy lived with his father and
images/000007178.jpg	eather so that people might feel comforta
images/000007179.jpg	 to talk to English-speakers, attend semina
images/000007180.jpg	 hammer the nails and decided to control his 
images/000007181.jpg	Both sides should talk over their proble
images/000007182.jpg	re very happy as they had a very prosperou
images/000007183.jpg	at maybe the old generation is too conservative
images/000007184.jpg	hile he forgot what he spoke in anger, his f
images/000007185.jpg	happily lived under the rule of a king. The pe
images/000007186.jpg	t deal. There is a drastic increase of t
images/000007187.jpg	rrect.They set free the firefly and move
images/000007188.jpg	 He ordered for a pair of leather shoes for hi
images/000007189.jpg	for its wonderful combination of colours. In f
images/000007190.jpg	ils. He asked his son to hammer one nail to th
images/000007191.jpg	ne of cost and the fierce market competiti
images/000007192.jpg	e butterfly come out of the cocoon without any 
images/000007193.jpg	f cows to get the sufficient quantity of leather
images/000007194.jpg	are how I do well in the exam, they just 
images/000007195.jpg	ly, the donkey fell into the river and w
images/000007196.jpg	d to walk along those roads as it would be painf
images/000007197.jpg	mer holiday, I want to practice more to imp
images/000007198.jpg	jagig, a former graduate student obsessed with
images/000007199.jpg	e. Both sides should talk over their problems w
images/000007200.jpg	up at a cocktail party once upon a time z
images/000007201.jpg	are these pens? Why are we born? Why do we 
images/000007202.jpg	at. He was very hungry. No matter how hard h
images/000007203.jpg	t focuses on common human needs and seeks 
images/000007204.jpg	 are playing a more and more important rol
images/000007205.jpg	there forever. Your bad temper and anger 
images/000007206.jpg	 for its wonderful combination of colours. In 
images/000007207.jpg	as it is, so they are the dearest parts in one's 
images/000007208.jpg	s, etc.Students should have some ideal 
images/000007209.jpg	 physical abuse! Use words for good. Use them t
images/000007210.jpg	cer club,because I like playing soccer.During th
images/000007211.jpg	nd courage. They both help children to understa
images/000007212.jpg	 any more struggles. He continued to watch the bu
images/000007213.jpg	want to do. For exampie,first I will jion a 
images/000007214.jpg	 open to each other's outlooks on the world, the 
images/000007215.jpg	food in it, and he became very happy. He jumped
images/000007216.jpg	he lost his temper, he ran to the fence 
images/000007217.jpg	days passed and the boy was able to pull ou
images/000007218.jpg	story of "The Right Son at the Right Tim
images/000007219.jpg	and fell into the river and noticed that the bag
images/000007220.jpg	ain but re-loaded his donkey with bags of sponges
images/000007221.jpg	o human children at Christmas time.”“Does 
images/000007222.jpg	 The soldier extended a helping hand to the
images/000007223.jpg	 hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his 
images/000007224.jpg	lt to hammer the nails and decided to control hi
images/000007225.jpg	voices are not taken into account. These differe
images/000007226.jpg	f living, friends make another important part in 
images/000007227.jpg	 people's ideas are not cut from the same c
images/000007228.jpg	 Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t 
images/000007229.jpg	he decline of cost and the fierce market
images/000007230.jpg	an ten times up, indicating computers are pla
images/000007231.jpg	the butterfly come out of the cocoon without 
images/000007232.jpg	hant and his DonkeyShort Stories - A Merchan
images/000007233.jpg	 trunk and drink some water from a nearby spring
images/000007234.jpg	 saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant t
images/000007235.jpg	erfly had been struggling very hard for hours
images/000007236.jpg	nk he will come if I write to him?” Emily ask
images/000007237.jpg	 the fence. However, there remained a fe
images/000007238.jpg	tories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful 
images/000007239.jpg	, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy building 
images/000007240.jpg	er holiday is coming.I am going to do many 
images/000007241.jpg	apid progressing of the society, computers ar
images/000007242.jpg	children's hairstyle and weird clothes. Yo
images/000007243.jpg	I like playing soccer.During the summer ho
images/000007244.jpg	 a propitious life. However, he had regret.
images/000007245.jpg	eople.His ministers were stunned to hear h
images/000007246.jpg	have put so much pressure on myself. One day, my
images/000007247.jpg	 merchant could do, except return home wh
images/000007248.jpg	t at any time, the butterfly might expand th
images/000007249.jpg	to remove the nails every day as he had con
images/000007250.jpg	like any other beautiful butterflies! The 
images/000007251.jpg	hrink the body and the wings could support th
images/000007252.jpg	kage, he saw there were a lot of food, bre
images/000007253.jpg	d to spend a lot of time around butterflies.
images/000007254.jpg	r angry words. He scolded kids, neighbours
images/000007255.jpg	he life of thousands of cows to get the suff
images/000007256.jpg	hey are so happy to see me do well in the
images/000007257.jpg	rder to improve the ability of English read
images/000007258.jpg	ism plays an important role in the maintenance
images/000007259.jpg	upport the body.  Unfortunately, neither the win
images/000007260.jpg	 to watch the butterfly fly with its beaut
images/000007261.jpg	. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to kil
images/000007262.jpg	e society, so by contacting with friends one c
images/000007263.jpg	ng for the butterfly and removed the remain
images/000007264.jpg	c freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the p
images/000007265.jpg	problem. As long as both sides keep their 
images/000007266.jpg	nce and hammered a nail. In the next few days,
images/000007267.jpg	ony and unity. Each member of the family con
images/000007268.jpg	rchant could do, except return home wher
images/000007269.jpg	e time. But I have put so much pressure on my
images/000007270.jpg	st every field of our life. Meanwhile, than
images/000007271.jpg	nother important part in shaping children's pers
images/000007272.jpg	.Last I will help my mother do some housewor
images/000007273.jpg	 Dent is plucked off the planet by his fr
images/000007274.jpg	ncluding the children. Chinese families tend
images/000007275.jpg	dered for a pair of leather shoes for hi
images/000007276.jpg	its back again.The merchant quickly disc
images/000007277.jpg	o apparent factors which affect a person's 
images/000007278.jpg	I,” Harry added, shaking his head.“You 
images/000007279.jpg	sation with their king and they were proud that 
images/000007280.jpg	eys became very tired. Now they realized what the
images/000007281.jpg	d in his effort.A sparrow came flying to
images/000007282.jpg	e boy found it very difficult to hammer the nai
images/000007283.jpg	 the old generation is too conservative to a
images/000007284.jpg	me out of the cocoon. He was watching the butter
images/000007285.jpg	o you want to kill the holy animal cow to cove
images/000007286.jpg	ister. He ordered for a pair of leather sh
images/000007287.jpg	his son to hammer one nail to the fence every tim
images/000007288.jpg	udents need it to read English textbooks or 
images/000007289.jpg	ly are respectively more than in other count
images/000007290.jpg	great deal. There is a drastic increase o
images/000007291.jpg	ost all the students need English and they need i
images/000007292.jpg	it to talk to English-speakers, attend seminars, 
images/000007293.jpg	lving the problem. As long as both sides keep the
images/000007294.jpg	and toys to human children at Christmas time
images/000007295.jpg	 wise man from the ministry came to the king and 
images/000007296.jpg	ived when no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy
images/000007297.jpg	iece of leather cut in appropriate shape t
images/000007298.jpg	rom the same cloth. Parents may not be in f
images/000007299.jpg	er and watch how the butterfly would come out
images/000007300.jpg	tinued: “I think all of you should take shelter 
images/000007301.jpg	diately.The king thought that he had to c
images/000007302.jpg	le he forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends 
images/000007303.jpg	the meaning of humanism. If we treat our fel
images/000007304.jpg	He got a pair of scissors and tweaked the coc
images/000007305.jpg	s of salt. As they reached the slippery
images/000007306.jpg	 could see his fellow people leading a pro
images/000007307.jpg	e verbal usage. While he forgot what he sp
images/000007308.jpg	ould talk over their problems with each ot
images/000007309.jpg	he cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly 
images/000007310.jpg	 we don’t want to undergo any struggle, we 
images/000007311.jpg	e lost his temper, he ran to the fence and
images/000007312.jpg	ooks or jonrnals and attend English lectures, whi
images/000007313.jpg	 of the nails from the fence. However, the
images/000007314.jpg	t, the boy did not lose his temper. He tol
images/000007315.jpg	passion and love for butterflies decided to h
images/000007316.jpg	e tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after co
images/000007317.jpg	on without any more struggles. He continued to
images/000007318.jpg	 with bags of salt to go to the market in ord
images/000007319.jpg	package, he saw there were a lot of food, b
images/000007320.jpg	alked far when they reached a river on the 
images/000007321.jpg	t 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number climb
images/000007322.jpg	the butterfly tried its best and could no
images/000007323.jpg	ight Son at the Right Time". The soldier exten
images/000007324.jpg	in the exam. I want to be happy all the time.
images/000007325.jpg	ng to do many things that I want to do. F
images/000007326.jpg	s - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring
images/000007327.jpg	 of their children's hairstyle and weird cloth
images/000007328.jpg	ecome lighter and smaller and the wings w
images/000007329.jpg	the only son for them. The parents of the littl
images/000007330.jpg	ned the package, he saw there were a lot o
images/000007331.jpg	it was several days that he did not hammer any 
images/000007332.jpg	ching the butterfly struggling to break the she
images/000007333.jpg	e and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarr
images/000007334.jpg	o the fence was reduced and the day arrived when 
images/000007335.jpg	ly began to eat. After the fox had finished
images/000007336.jpg	 to stay with her for several days.Last I will he
images/000007337.jpg	then returned home again but re-loaded his don
images/000007338.jpg	to-lunch president of the galaxy; Trillian (fo
images/000007339.jpg	the boy did not lose his temper. He told his fa
images/000007340.jpg	use! Use words for good. Use them to embrace
images/000007341.jpg	 when I was go to school. Except for taking 
images/000007342.jpg	imidated even though you find others spe
images/000007343.jpg	all of you should take shelter in a cave”. T
images/000007344.jpg	s gathering around the television in the even
images/000007345.jpg	 so that people might feel comfortable, immediat
images/000007346.jpg	 tree trunk while he cut down trees in the fores
images/000007347.jpg	ime. But I have put so much pressure on myse
images/000007348.jpg	ime of need. The young man's actions wer
images/000007349.jpg	hem.Both generations should be responsible 
images/000007350.jpg	Right Time". The soldier extended a helping
images/000007351.jpg	good intention, only going through the st
images/000007352.jpg	every time he became angry and to lose his t
images/000007353.jpg	fferent ideas disturb both of them. Most 
images/000007354.jpg	 his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a
images/000007355.jpg	quite happy that he visited many pilgrim cen
images/000007356.jpg	emoved the remaining cocoon. The butterf
images/000007357.jpg	of monkeys were on a tree. They were clingi
images/000007358.jpg	 warmth, care and shelter, while friends gi
images/000007359.jpg	hat a beautiful and colourful butterfly comes
images/000007360.jpg	s plucked off the planet by his friend Ford Prefe
images/000007361.jpg	 to work. Therefore, I want to help her in th
images/000007362.jpg	c behavior. In the event of a life-threatening
images/000007363.jpg	e forest. He was going to eat it for his lunch
images/000007364.jpg	r him and requested the countrymen to wear 
images/000007365.jpg	have been proud of.People have different op
images/000007366.jpg	seeks rational ways of solving human pro
images/000007367.jpg	 my parents tell me that they don’t care how I d
images/000007368.jpg	happy all the time. But I have put so much press
images/000007369.jpg	e fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few nails. 
images/000007370.jpg	f the people.His ministers were stunned to h
images/000007371.jpg	a man with a knife, but the wound will remain 
images/000007372.jpg	nds due to anger. He invited all worries for his 
images/000007373.jpg	, “he hasn’t been around this part of the f
images/000007374.jpg	 the wings expanded or enlarged nor the swollen b
images/000007375.jpg	, thanks to the decline of cost and the fierc
images/000007376.jpg	and attend English lectures, while some stu
images/000007377.jpg	te and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel em
images/000007378.jpg	do, except return home where he loaded h
images/000007379.jpg	icult to hammer the nails and decided to co
images/000007380.jpg	paranoid, brilliant, and chronically depresse
images/000007381.jpg	worm! Here is the story of a butterfly that
images/000007382.jpg	od, bread, meat and fruit in it!An old woodcutt
images/000007383.jpg	ns should be responsible for solving the probl
images/000007384.jpg	ce. He complained to his ministers that the road
images/000007385.jpg	, neighbours and even his friends due to anger.
images/000007386.jpg	t the fluid stored in the body convert into w
images/000007387.jpg	d. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a fi
images/000007388.jpg	peak, the better your spoken English will 
images/000007389.jpg	person's growth. There are two apparent 
images/000007390.jpg	ch affect a person's growth. One is family, 
images/000007391.jpg	y is coming.I am going to do many things t
images/000007392.jpg	in as he walked all the way through the 
images/000007393.jpg	s with them open, at the same time they must ke
images/000007394.jpg	hat they don’t care how I do well in the exam, 
images/000007395.jpg	rgency, humanism can be as important as actua
images/000007396.jpg	udent obsessed with the disappearance of all the 
images/000007397.jpg	on myself. One day, my parents tell me that
images/000007398.jpg	.He had intolerable pain in his feet as it was
images/000007399.jpg	as never able to fly all through its life.Alth
images/000007400.jpg	e leading a propitious life. However, he
images/000007401.jpg	 happy all the time. But I have put so much pre
images/000007402.jpg	hole and when he opened the package, he saw ther
images/000007403.jpg	pend a lot of time around butterflies. He knew ho
images/000007404.jpg	ours to come out through the tiny opening.
images/000007405.jpg	He knew how a butterfly would struggle to tran
images/000007406.jpg	y just want me to be happy. I know I should relax
images/000007407.jpg	oke in anger, his friends and neighbours avoid
images/000007408.jpg	 have been proud of.People have different opin
images/000007409.jpg	 would let the fluid stored in the body convert
images/000007410.jpg	milies offer the environment of living, friend
images/000007411.jpg	anism is a system of beliefs that focuses 
images/000007412.jpg	 his father gave him a huge bag of nails. He as
images/000007413.jpg	 distance. He complained to his ministers that t
images/000007414.jpg	mething to eat. He was very hungry. No m
images/000007415.jpg	t few days, the number of nails hammered o
images/000007416.jpg	ole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten s
images/000007417.jpg	 different purposes. Some students need it to re
images/000007418.jpg	butterfly struggling to break the shell for se
images/000007419.jpg	th respect and tolerance, many things may turn o
images/000007420.jpg	voices are not taken into account. These diff
images/000007421.jpg	am, they just want me to be happy. I know I 
images/000007422.jpg	ghed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is
images/000007423.jpg	tory of "The Right Son at the Right Time". 
images/000007424.jpg	 them. The parents of the little boy wer
images/000007425.jpg	ced a flock of fireflies. One of the young monk
images/000007426.jpg	holy animal cow to cover the road with leathe
images/000007427.jpg	ns were the example of humanistic behavior. In
images/000007428.jpg	rtunately, the donkey slipped and fell i
images/000007429.jpg	rby spring. However, no matter how hard he trie
images/000007430.jpg	 role in the maintenance of our society. Humanism
images/000007431.jpg	w much about our winters.”It turned out Emil
images/000007432.jpg	d not lose his temper!Now, his father told him t
images/000007433.jpg	im to remove the nails every day as he ha
images/000007434.jpg	o read English textbooks or jonrnals and a
images/000007435.jpg	o-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally 
images/000007436.jpg	x had eaten so much food that he became too
images/000007437.jpg	 do. For exampie,first I will jion a soccer 
images/000007438.jpg	y ways to give up his anger and develop kindn
images/000007439.jpg	aded on his back became lighter.There w
images/000007440.jpg	the monkeys said, “I wish we could find some
images/000007441.jpg	ll the answers, stick your thumb to the star
images/000007442.jpg	ople who used to walk along those roads 
images/000007443.jpg	boy, “The nails were your bad temper and they 
images/000007444.jpg	 butterfly would struggle to transform fr
images/000007445.jpg	to be happy. I know I should relax myself and be
images/000007446.jpg	l the time. But I have put so much pressure on 
images/000007447.jpg	t any more struggles. He continued to watch the 
images/000007448.jpg	y Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, wh
images/000007449.jpg	 for several days.Last I will help my moth
images/000007450.jpg	n’t want to undergo any struggle, we won
images/000007451.jpg	yself. One day, my parents tell me that they 
images/000007452.jpg	ts of the little boy were very depressed due 
images/000007453.jpg	 He told himself, “I wish that I had thought a
images/000007454.jpg	He said he was very much worried about the
images/000007455.jpg	s actual medical treatment.In the civilized w
images/000007456.jpg	kills.Second I will go to my grandma's hous
images/000007457.jpg	the package, he saw there were a lot of foo
images/000007458.jpg	could not get out of the hole. Do you know why? 
images/000007459.jpg	 jumped into the hole and when he opened the
images/000007460.jpg	e forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends and
images/000007461.jpg	ll in the exam, I will show my paper to my pa
images/000007462.jpg	s. The household is always friendly, welco
images/000007463.jpg	es decided to help the butterfly. He got a pair o
images/000007464.jpg	e of HumanismHumanism is a system of bel
images/000007465.jpg	ittle boy found it hilarious and accepte
images/000007466.jpg	 that people spend on computers per week, ranging
images/000007467.jpg	presents and toys to human children at Chris
images/000007468.jpg	s father that it was several days that he did not
images/000007469.jpg	ng the butterfly struggling to break the
images/000007470.jpg	 succeed in English learning. It requires mu
images/000007471.jpg	nd the fierce market competition, the price h
images/000007472.jpg	t the same time they must keep in mind that di
images/000007473.jpg	ll their attempts failed. Finally, the boy’
images/000007474.jpg	d attend English lectures, while some stud
images/000007475.jpg	undergo any struggle, we won’t be able to 
images/000007476.jpg	d take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did no
images/000007477.jpg	former graduate student obsessed with the di
images/000007478.jpg	dvice or set themselves against what the 
images/000007479.jpg	 The little boy found it very difficult to ha
images/000007480.jpg	? Rather, you can just have a piece of leathe
images/000007481.jpg	d woodcutter had placed the food in the tree t
images/000007482.jpg	t. He was going to eat it for his lunch.The fo
images/000007483.jpg	. Finally he went to the edge of the forest a
images/000007484.jpg	, only going through the struggles the butt
images/000007485.jpg	know much about Christmas.”Who is Santa 
images/000007486.jpg	th of them. Most of the things that youn
images/000007487.jpg	including the children. Chinese families tend
images/000007488.jpg	pring morning, a merchant loaded his donkey w
images/000007489.jpg	 cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that the
images/000007490.jpg	ge, he saw there were a lot of food, bread, meat 
images/000007491.jpg	ter. As parents, they should learn to und
images/000007492.jpg	it through the hole.The fox was very sad 
images/000007493.jpg	weeks, he returned to the palace. He was quite 
images/000007494.jpg	hem. People of distant places were so happy to h
images/000007495.jpg	hur tried to pick up at a cocktail party on
images/000007496.jpg	rth is demolished to make way for a galact
images/000007497.jpg	 introduced her.“Emily is from the South an
images/000007498.jpg	ame very tired. Now they realized what the spa
images/000007499.jpg	ainful for them too!He made an order to cover t
images/000007500.jpg	 things that I want to do. For exampie,first I 
images/000007501.jpg	nt to stay with her for several days.Last I w
images/000007502.jpg	ld see his fellow people leading a propitious li
images/000007503.jpg	? As far as I know, it involves several reaso
images/000007504.jpg	und it hilarious and accepted to do what his 
images/000007505.jpg	need English and they need it for different purp
images/000007506.jpg	nism can be as important as actual medica
images/000007507.jpg	mple of humanistic behavior. In the event of a
images/000007508.jpg	asked his son to hammer one nail to the fence eve
images/000007509.jpg	he road of the whole country with leathe
images/000007510.jpg	ther actively, sincerely and frankly.Who Infl
images/000007511.jpg	er look the same! It has scars all over! You c
images/000007512.jpg	 person's growth. One is family, and the ot
images/000007513.jpg	 of reading materials, which can also help
images/000007514.jpg	 beautiful and colourful butterfly comes from an 
images/000007515.jpg	ile he cut down trees in the forest. He was goi
images/000007516.jpg	were like that! Words are more painful than ph
images/000007517.jpg	mily contributes to household duties, including
images/000007518.jpg	ence. Again, you cannot pull out a few na
images/000007519.jpg	d, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch preside
images/000007520.jpg	the fence every time he became angry and
images/000007521.jpg	now widely applied in almost every field of our l
images/000007522.jpg	r voices are not taken into account. The
images/000007523.jpg	 have many pleasant characters. If we say
images/000007524.jpg	terfly was trying to make its way to enj
images/000007525.jpg	ds make another important part in shaping ch
images/000007526.jpg	the fence and hammered a nail. In the next few 
images/000007527.jpg	pick up at a cocktail party once upon a ti
images/000007528.jpg	 boy found it hilarious and accepted to do wha
images/000007529.jpg	contributes to household duties, including 
images/000007530.jpg	 generation is keen on are disgusting to them.
images/000007531.jpg	 was quite eager to watch the butterfly fly 
images/000007532.jpg	owever, there remained a few nails that th
images/000007533.jpg	ation gap, people's ideas are not cut from th
images/000007534.jpg	day as he had controlled his anger. Several days
images/000007535.jpg	as quite eager to watch the butterfly fly wi
images/000007536.jpg	 we could find some fire. It will help us t
images/000007537.jpg	n many ways to give up his anger and dev
images/000007538.jpg	bundance of wealth and no misfortunes.The king 
images/000007539.jpg	good intention, only going through the struggles
images/000007540.jpg	 kill the holy animal cow to cover the roa
images/000007541.jpg	Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Art
images/000007542.jpg	 see his fellow people leading a propitiou
images/000007543.jpg	 parents, they are so happy to see me do we
images/000007544.jpg	ng new. Their voices are not taken into ac
images/000007545.jpg	ts of the little boy were very depressed due to
images/000007546.jpg	ome where he loaded his donkey with more bags
images/000007547.jpg	For exampie,first I will jion a soccer club,becau
images/000007548.jpg	h his words. His bad temper made him fall fo
images/000007549.jpg	erance, many things may turn out for the better. 
images/000007550.jpg	of humanism. If we treat our fellows wit
images/000007551.jpg	agig, a former graduate student obsessed with the
images/000007552.jpg	us life with abundance of wealth and no misfortun
images/000007553.jpg	h generations should be responsible for solv
images/000007554.jpg	out 19 hours. The number climbs more tha
images/000007555.jpg	cover the road with leather? Rather, you c
images/000007556.jpg	s due to anger. He invited all worries for h
images/000007557.jpg	anger were like that! Words are more painful th
images/000007558.jpg	playing a more and more important role in mo
images/000007559.jpg	n so that many people can afford their own perso
images/000007560.jpg	The spirit of humanism is apparent in the story 
images/000007561.jpg	appiness of the people.His ministers were st
images/000007562.jpg	butterflies! The continuous effort from the 
images/000007563.jpg	r very much.I want to stay with her for severa
images/000007564.jpg	pair of leather shoes for him and requested t
images/000007565.jpg	rials, which can also help accumulate and en
images/000007566.jpg	closer attention to our fellows. Occasional ex
images/000007567.jpg	stroy the life of thousands of cows to ge
images/000007568.jpg	ering around the television in the evening.Th
images/000007569.jpg	ound butterflies. He knew how a butterfly woul
images/000007570.jpg	rd for hours to come out through the tiny
images/000007571.jpg	th his words. His bad temper made him fall for 
images/000007572.jpg	y realized what the sparrow had said was correc
images/000007573.jpg	sturb both of them. Most of the things that youn
images/000007574.jpg	nd the wings, shrink the body and the wings coul
images/000007575.jpg	d and the boy was able to pull out most of the na
images/000007576.jpg	f the monkeys said, “I wish we could fin
images/000007577.jpg	l the answers, stick your thumb to the stars!S
images/000007578.jpg	humanism can be as important as actual medica
images/000007579.jpg	ention to our fellows. Occasional examples of
images/000007580.jpg	e so happy to see me do well in the exam. I want
images/000007581.jpg	fortable and were very stony. He could not toler
images/000007582.jpg	rb both of them. Most of the things that youn
images/000007583.jpg	cided to travel by foot to interact with his 
images/000007584.jpg	wever, there remained a few nails that t
images/000007585.jpg	see his fellow people leading a propitious l
images/000007586.jpg	t to read English textbooks or jonrnals a
images/000007587.jpg	o you want to kill the holy animal cow to cov
images/000007588.jpg	ory of "The Right Son at the Right Time". Th
images/000007589.jpg	.His ministers were stunned to hear his order
images/000007590.jpg	nd fell into the river and noticed that t
images/000007591.jpg	 lighter and smaller and the wings would be b
images/000007592.jpg	ife-threatening emergency, humanism can be as im
images/000007593.jpg	-to-lunch president of the galaxy; Trillian (f
images/000007594.jpg	 be responsible for solving the problem. As long 
images/000007595.jpg	d not find food. Finally he went to the edge of t
images/000007596.jpg	as happy that he made the butterfly come 
images/000007597.jpg	to hear his order as it would destroy the life o
images/000007598.jpg	everal weeks, he returned to the palace. He was q
images/000007599.jpg	After several weeks, he returned to the 
images/000007600.jpg	old man in time of need. The young man's action
images/000007601.jpg	te the pain as he walked all the way throu
images/000007602.jpg	out most of the nails from the fence. How
images/000007603.jpg	, Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried
images/000007604.jpg	English will be. Nothing in the world is difficu
images/000007605.jpg	ck of fireflies. One of the young monkeys thought
images/000007606.jpg	ed or enlarged nor the swollen body reduced
images/000007607.jpg	e! Use words for good. Use them to embrace 
images/000007608.jpg	ed in the body convert into wings. Thus, 
images/000007609.jpg	role in the maintenance of our society. 
images/000007610.jpg	he ballpoint pens he's bought over the ye
images/000007611.jpg	e very tired. Now they realized what the sparro
images/000007612.jpg	 many people can afford their own personal 
images/000007613.jpg	he household is always friendly, welcomi
images/000007614.jpg	Words are more painful than physical abuse! Use 
images/000007615.jpg	re painful than physical abuse! Use words for
images/000007616.jpg	ced what they were doing. The sparrow laugh
images/000007617.jpg	k so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him,
images/000007618.jpg	ible for solving the problem. As long as both
images/000007619.jpg	 our daily life, whether you admit it or not.
images/000007620.jpg	ing cocoon. The butterfly emerged without any st
images/000007621.jpg	e". The soldier extended a helping hand to th
images/000007622.jpg	you find others speaking English better t
images/000007623.jpg	on a soccer club,because I like playing s
images/000007624.jpg	 even though you find others speaking English 
images/000007625.jpg	o cover the road of the whole country with l
images/000007626.jpg	, for the last fifteen years, has been posing a
images/000007627.jpg	he hours that people spend on computers 
images/000007628.jpg	arious and accepted to do what his father said.T
images/000007629.jpg	 well in the exam. I want to be happy all the
images/000007630.jpg	story of "The Right Son at the Right Tim
images/000007631.jpg	d over again so that many people can afford 
images/000007632.jpg	umulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't
images/000007633.jpg	coming, and generous to visitors who can d
images/000007634.jpg	ten to the sparrow. They continued to blow at
images/000007635.jpg	he answers, stick your thumb to the stars!Summ
images/000007636.jpg	want to be happy all the time. But I have put s
images/000007637.jpg	thur Dent is plucked off the planet by hi
images/000007638.jpg	to understand the world as it is, so they are the
images/000007639.jpg	ould become lighter and smaller and the wing
images/000007640.jpg	r do some housework. She was really tired 
images/000007641.jpg	he society, computers are now widely applied in
images/000007642.jpg	alk to English-speakers, attend seminars, write 
images/000007643.jpg	rent ideas disturb both of them. Most of th
images/000007644.jpg	or the butterfly and removed the remaini
images/000007645.jpg	 a nearby cave.The Hungry Fox who got Caugh
images/000007646.jpg	ched there for food. Suddenly he caught sight of
images/000007647.jpg	hat he visited many pilgrim centres and co
images/000007648.jpg	oid, brilliant, and chronically depressed rob
images/000007649.jpg	 want to be happy all the time. But I hav
images/000007650.jpg	things may turn out for the better. Human
images/000007651.jpg	ld not pull out.The boy told his father about
images/000007652.jpg	the merchant could do, except return hom
images/000007653.jpg	he rule of a king. The people of the kingdom
images/000007654.jpg	hat families offer the environment of living,
images/000007655.jpg	should get access to a lot of reading materials,
images/000007656.jpg	ed down over and over again so that many 
images/000007657.jpg	inions on the reasons why generation gap com
images/000007658.jpg	born, the first surroundings is the family in wh
images/000007659.jpg	g man's actions were the example of humanistic
images/000007660.jpg	 involves several reasons. With the rapid 
images/000007661.jpg	living, friends make another important part in sh
images/000007662.jpg	 friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the r
images/000007663.jpg	y very soon and taunt others with his wor
images/000007664.jpg	oth. Parents may not be in favor of their ch
images/000007665.jpg	poken English will be. Nothing in the wo
images/000007666.jpg	 never look the same! It has scars all over! You
images/000007667.jpg	eople of the kingdom were very happy as they 
images/000007668.jpg	he old man in time of need. The young man's a
images/000007669.jpg	re very happy as they had a very prospero
images/000007670.jpg	ortant role in the maintenance of our society.
images/000007671.jpg	d that different things appeal to differ
images/000007672.jpg	nd some fire. It will help us to keep warm”.S
images/000007673.jpg	ks or jonrnals and attend English lectur
images/000007674.jpg	o his bad temper. The boy used to get angry 
images/000007675.jpg	randma's house,because I miss her very much.I wa
images/000007676.jpg	poken English will be. Nothing in the worl
images/000007677.jpg	 travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, 
images/000007678.jpg	f the kingdom were very happy as they had 
images/000007679.jpg	ons should be responsible for solving the p
images/000007680.jpg	were walking along together. They had not walked 
images/000007681.jpg	other cultures and keeps our minds open to
images/000007682.jpg	of need. The young man's actions were the e
images/000007683.jpg	they don’t care how I do well in the exam, they j
images/000007684.jpg	who, for the last fifteen years, has been p
images/000007685.jpg	nd be happy.A Hole in the FenceIn a small 
images/000007686.jpg	ty, computers are now widely applied in a
images/000007687.jpg	 morning, a merchant loaded his donkey with ba
images/000007688.jpg	 fell into the water. But instead of the load be
images/000007689.jpg	ch other actively, sincerely and frankly.Who 
images/000007690.jpg	hey should learn to understand their chi
images/000007691.jpg	xtended a helping hand to the old man in time 
images/000007692.jpg	r one was born, the first surroundings is
images/000007693.jpg	ng computers are playing a more and more i
images/000007694.jpg	 Earth is demolished to make way for a galactic f
images/000007695.jpg	 even his friends due to anger. He invit
images/000007696.jpg	t was several days that he did not hamme
images/000007697.jpg	o sell them. The merchant and his donkey were
images/000007698.jpg	an remove the nails but still see the holes 
images/000007699.jpg	riends give them strength and courage. They
images/000007700.jpg	ould see his fellow people leading a prop
images/000007701.jpg	colours. In fact, he used to spend a lot of 
images/000007702.jpg	pport the body.  Unfortunately, neither t
images/000007703.jpg	ng English better than you. Participate in 
images/000007704.jpg	day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet
images/000007705.jpg	appily lived under the rule of a king. The people
images/000007706.jpg	oming.I am going to do many things that I want 
images/000007707.jpg	I’ve never seen him, myself.”“Neither ha
images/000007708.jpg	im centres and could see his fellow people lea
images/000007709.jpg	to blow at our poor firefly.After some 
images/000007710.jpg	t and searched there for food. Suddenly he caug
images/000007711.jpg	ls hammered on the fence was reduced to half
images/000007712.jpg	 pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to
images/000007713.jpg	shoes for him and requested the countryme
images/000007714.jpg	g, a former graduate student obsessed with the di
images/000007715.jpg	growth. There are two apparent factors wh
images/000007716.jpg	ter, while friends give them strength and cou
images/000007717.jpg	at the roads weren’t comfortable and were very 
images/000007718.jpg	mber of nails hammered to the fence was red
images/000007719.jpg	here was no progress. It seemed that the butterf
images/000007720.jpg	ur bad temper and they were hammered on people.
images/000007721.jpg	man was happy that he made the butterfly come 
images/000007722.jpg	a merchant loaded his donkey with bags of sal
images/000007723.jpg	ings. Thus, the body would become lighter and sma
images/000007724.jpg	s with each other actively, sincerely and
images/000007725.jpg	ifficult to hammer the nails and decided to
images/000007726.jpg	on myself. One day, my parents tell me that they 
images/000007727.jpg	ng children's character. As parents, they should 
images/000007728.jpg	umber climbs more than ten times up, indicat
images/000007729.jpg	 was able to pull out most of the nails fr
images/000007730.jpg	ut instead of the load becoming lighter, 
images/000007731.jpg	 the river he again fell into the water. But
images/000007732.jpg	ojagig, a former graduate student obsessed w
images/000007733.jpg	eir children's hairstyle and weird clothe
images/000007734.jpg	 boy, “The nails were your bad temper and 
images/000007735.jpg	the sparrow had said was correct.They set fr
images/000007736.jpg	. But instead of the load becoming lighter, it
images/000007737.jpg	f sponges.The foolish, tricky donkey again
images/000007738.jpg	e families are hospitable. The family gathers tog
images/000007739.jpg	 pain in his feet as it was his first trip by foo
images/000007740.jpg	iness of the people.His ministers were st
images/000007741.jpg	akes the world a more beautiful place to live in.
images/000007742.jpg	hich affect a person's growth. One is fam
images/000007743.jpg	appy all the time. But I have put so much p
images/000007744.jpg	us of the meaning of humanism. If we treat
images/000007745.jpg	lter, while friends give them strength and cour
images/000007746.jpg	n myself. One day, my parents tell me that they d
images/000007747.jpg	y for human children,” Fritz said to Emily. 
images/000007748.jpg	her, with several generations gathering arou
images/000007749.jpg	is fellow people leading a propitious life. Howev
images/000007750.jpg	cow to cover the road with leather? Rather, you c
images/000007751.jpg	aten so much food that he became too big to
images/000007752.jpg	hen he opened the package, he saw there were
images/000007753.jpg	educed and the day arrived when no nail was 
images/000007754.jpg	e body convert into wings. Thus, the body would b
images/000007755.jpg	 on its way. On reaching the river he again 
images/000007756.jpg	 became too big to fit through the hole.
images/000007757.jpg	of salt loaded on his back became lighter
images/000007758.jpg	e butterfly was trying to make its way to en
images/000007759.jpg	s wonderful combination of colours. In fact, 
images/000007760.jpg	y hungry. No matter how hard he tried, t
images/000007761.jpg	 part in shaping children's personality. Fr
images/000007762.jpg	tterfly that was never able to live a life like a
images/000007763.jpg	rgency, humanism can be as important as actu
images/000007764.jpg	ing to them.Both generations should be r
images/000007765.jpg	arents may not be in favor of their children's h
images/000007766.jpg	Prefect, a researcher for the revised edition o
images/000007767.jpg	actice more to improve my skills.Second I will g
images/000007768.jpg	amily are respectively more than in othe
images/000007769.jpg	much time, commitment and discipline to lear
images/000007770.jpg	The family gathers together to celebrate holiday
images/000007771.jpg	h his little niece Emily and introduced her.“Emi
images/000007772.jpg	had intolerable pain in his feet as it w
images/000007773.jpg	nism is a system of beliefs that focuses o
images/000007774.jpg	rk. She was really tired when I was go to schoo
images/000007775.jpg	a dry leaf and started blowing at it.Some o
images/000007776.jpg	out previous invitation.Chinese families 
images/000007777.jpg	n important role in the maintenance of our
images/000007778.jpg	 butterfly. The butterfly had been strugglin
images/000007779.jpg	s. He spent almost more than 10 hours with the co
images/000007780.jpg	 decline of cost and the fierce market competitio
images/000007781.jpg	ccept anything new. Their voices are not taken i
images/000007782.jpg	will jion a soccer club,because I like p
images/000007783.jpg	his first trip by foot to longer distance. He 
images/000007784.jpg	 them to embrace the relationships. Use the
images/000007785.jpg	than physical abuse! Use words for good. 
images/000007786.jpg	o a lot of reading materials, which can al
images/000007787.jpg	ed even though you find others speaking Engl
images/000007788.jpg	very much.I want to stay with her for several
images/000007789.jpg	the better. Humanism makes the world a more
images/000007790.jpg	package. The hungry fox immediately thought t
images/000007791.jpg	 English learning. It requires much time, commitm
images/000007792.jpg	generous to visitors who can drop in on friends 
images/000007793.jpg	nes of communications with them open, at the
images/000007794.jpg	w, it involves several reasons. With the 
images/000007795.jpg	nk the body and the wings could support th
images/000007796.jpg	n and the society, so by contacting with
images/000007797.jpg	most more than 10 hours with the cocoon and t
images/000007798.jpg	ezing. A group of monkeys were on a tree.
images/000007799.jpg	 nails were your bad temper and they were 
images/000007800.jpg	s. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy
images/000007801.jpg	 even his friends due to anger. He invited a
images/000007802.jpg	eeks rational ways of solving human prob
images/000007803.jpg	 to the fence and hammered a nail. In the n
images/000007804.jpg	body. It was never able to fly all through its l
images/000007805.jpg	lk to English-speakers, attend seminars, write le
images/000007806.jpg	 in almost every field of our life. Meanwh
images/000007807.jpg	l and colourful butterfly comes from an unapp
images/000007808.jpg	 very hungry. No matter how hard he trie
images/000007809.jpg	distance. He complained to his ministers th
images/000007810.jpg	gs of salt to go to the market in order to sell t
images/000007811.jpg	e body would become lighter and smaller and 
images/000007812.jpg	it under a dry leaf and started blowing a
images/000007813.jpg	ppiness of the people.His ministers were stu
images/000007814.jpg	 had intolerable pain in his feet as it w
images/000007815.jpg	nkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a mercha
images/000007816.jpg	 know much about Christmas.”Who is Santa C
images/000007817.jpg	lies. He knew how a butterfly would struggle to
images/000007818.jpg	 in favor of their children's hairstyle and w
images/000007819.jpg	lace. He was quite happy that he visited ma
images/000007820.jpg	, he returned to the palace. He was quite 
images/000007821.jpg	 personality. Friends are the connections be
images/000007822.jpg	 and had a craze for its wonderful combination o
images/000007823.jpg	r bad temper and they were hammered on pe
images/000007824.jpg	rove my skills.Second I will go to my gran
images/000007825.jpg	 the last fifteen years, has been posing as an 
images/000007826.jpg	ned to his ministers that the roads weren’
images/000007827.jpg	ellows. Occasional examples of human goodn
images/000007828.jpg	 correct.They set free the firefly and moved to
images/000007829.jpg	n’t know much about Christmas.”Who is Santa Clau
images/000007830.jpg	textbooks or jonrnals and attend English le
images/000007831.jpg	tely, the butterfly looked no longer beautifu
images/000007832.jpg	 a nail. In the next few days, the number of nail
images/000007833.jpg	 decided to leave the trunk and drink some wa
images/000007834.jpg	d to his ministers that the roads weren’t comfo
images/000007835.jpg	on computers per week, ranging from about 1
images/000007836.jpg	o read English textbooks or jonrnals and attend
images/000007837.jpg	r cut in appropriate shape to cover your fee
images/000007838.jpg	le idea. Let’s go home now before you catc
images/000007839.jpg	ery sad and upset. He told himself, “I wish 
images/000007840.jpg	t 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number 
images/000007841.jpg	 there remained a few nails that the boy co
images/000007842.jpg	ty of English reading comprehension, one should 
images/000007843.jpg	erfly come out of the cocoon without any more st
images/000007844.jpg	terfly. He got a pair of scissors and tweaked the
images/000007845.jpg	er. They had not walked far when they reac
images/000007846.jpg	e has been marked down over and over again so t
images/000007847.jpg	 hand to the old man in time of need. Th
images/000007848.jpg	in other countries' family. In China, childre
images/000007849.jpg	 many ways to give up his anger and develop ki
images/000007850.jpg	ld talk over their problems with each other a
images/000007851.jpg	 tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening fo
images/000007852.jpg	s. Unfortunately, all their attempts failed. Fi
images/000007853.jpg	rs and tweaked the cocoon to make larger op
images/000007854.jpg	ld us. “She doesn’t know much about our 
images/000007855.jpg	 anger and develop kindness. Unfortunately, all
images/000007856.jpg	 into wings. Thus, the body would become li
images/000007857.jpg	Students should have some ideal qualities to s
images/000007858.jpg	 tolerate the pain as he walked all the way throu
images/000007859.jpg	t the people who used to walk along those roads 
images/000007860.jpg	on a tree. They were clinging to its bra
images/000007861.jpg	ere doing. The sparrow laughed. She said, “He
images/000007862.jpg	into being. Some think that maybe the old genera
images/000007863.jpg	 the little boy were very depressed due to 
images/000007864.jpg	hem strength and courage. They both help chil
images/000007865.jpg	ave put so much pressure on myself. One day, my 
images/000007866.jpg	 have different opinions on the reasons w
images/000007867.jpg	d humanism plays an important role in the
images/000007868.jpg	tions should be responsible for solving the prob
images/000007869.jpg	hey get married. So a household consisting
images/000007870.jpg	g a propitious life. However, he had regret.H
images/000007871.jpg	es into being. Some think that maybe the old gen
images/000007872.jpg	al days.Last I will help my mother do some h
images/000007873.jpg	ther, with several generations gathering aro
images/000007874.jpg	 a conversation with their king and they were pro
images/000007875.jpg	would have emerged like any other beautif
images/000007876.jpg	and weird clothes. Young people either turn 
images/000007877.jpg	hoes for him and requested the countrymen to 
images/000007878.jpg	ng Adults MostCountless factors may influe
images/000007879.jpg	ucceed in English learning. It requires much 
images/000007880.jpg	LearnerAlmost all the students need English an
images/000007881.jpg	he exam, I will show my paper to my parent
images/000007882.jpg	 stay with her for several days.Last I will help 
images/000007883.jpg	is coming.I am going to do many things that I wan
images/000007884.jpg	 the river he again fell into the water. B
images/000007885.jpg	om the fence. However, there remained a fe
images/000007886.jpg	ile some students need to use it to talk to
images/000007887.jpg	up in happy families tend to have many plea
images/000007888.jpg	 way. On reaching the river he again fell i
images/000007889.jpg	e sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly mo
images/000007890.jpg	r children's hairstyle and weird clothes. Yo
images/000007891.jpg	onkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a merchant loa
images/000007892.jpg	 can be as important as actual medical trea
images/000007893.jpg	d robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former gra
images/000007894.jpg	ere was no progress. It seemed that the but
images/000007895.jpg	onkeys became very tired. Now they reali
images/000007896.jpg	was a package. The hungry fox immediately th
images/000007897.jpg	ld his father that it was several days that he d
images/000007898.jpg	 the fierce market competition, the price has b
images/000007899.jpg	children to have much time left for animals.
images/000007900.jpg	 the whole idea. Let’s go home now before you 
images/000007901.jpg	d removed the remaining cocoon. The butterf
images/000007902.jpg	. He knew how a butterfly would struggle to trans
images/000007903.jpg	from the same cloth. Parents may not be i
images/000007904.jpg	mer holiday, I want to practice more to imp
images/000007905.jpg	 the wings, shrink the body and the wings 
images/000007906.jpg	f the cocoon without any more struggles. He c
images/000007907.jpg	hers, so family does play an important r
images/000007908.jpg	. It seemed that the butterfly tried its best a
images/000007909.jpg	things that I want to do. For exampie,firs
images/000007910.jpg	ent generations. Those who grow up in happ
images/000007911.jpg	d a lot of time around butterflies. He knew h
images/000007912.jpg	is temper. He told his father that it was s
images/000007913.jpg	elp the butterfly. He got a pair of sciss
images/000007914.jpg	, “I wish that I had thought a little befo
images/000007915.jpg	 leather and it would cost a huge amount
images/000007916.jpg	nails hammered on the fence was reduced to ha
images/000007917.jpg	se of the hours that people spend on computers p
images/000007918.jpg	t could do, except return home where he loa
images/000007919.jpg	. He decided to sit over and watch how the b
images/000007920.jpg	ree. She noticed what they were doing. The
images/000007921.jpg	 to the market in order to sell them. The 
images/000007922.jpg	 began to eat. After the fox had finishe
images/000007923.jpg	nder a dry leaf and started blowing at it
images/000007924.jpg	abulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making som
images/000007925.jpg	age, a little boy lived with his father and 
images/000007926.jpg	 lot of benefits to us. It makes us do thing
images/000007927.jpg	h its beautiful wings.He thought that at any tim
images/000007928.jpg	ters. If we say that families offer the 
images/000007929.jpg	ething to eat. He was very hungry. No ma
images/000007930.jpg	ts world. He decided to sit over and wat
images/000007931.jpg	 the human children to have much time left for 
images/000007932.jpg	the life of thousands of cows to get the sufficie
images/000007933.jpg	taunt others with his words. His bad temper ma
images/000007934.jpg	itment and discipline to learn English well. 
images/000007935.jpg	coon with tiny opening. It meant that the
images/000007936.jpg	y visiting all the human children to have much 
images/000007937.jpg	 roads as it would be painful for them too!He ma
images/000007938.jpg	r the rule of a king. The people of the kingdom w
images/000007939.jpg	tention, only going through the struggle
images/000007940.jpg	s, while some students need to use it to talk 
images/000007941.jpg	 19 hours. The number climbs more than ten times
images/000007942.jpg	spoken English will be. Nothing in the wor
images/000007943.jpg	autiful butterflies! The continuous effort fr
images/000007944.jpg	s in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few 
images/000007945.jpg	butterflies! The continuous effort from the butte
images/000007946.jpg	rable pain in his feet as it was his first trip 
images/000007947.jpg	an a journey through space aided by a galaxyful
images/000007948.jpg	ildren and the society, so by contacting with fri
images/000007949.jpg	inued to blow at our poor firefly.After som
images/000007950.jpg	g soccer.During the summer holiday, I want to
images/000007951.jpg	people and accompany them. People of dista
images/000007952.jpg	cows to get the sufficient quantity of leather an
images/000007953.jpg	fly. The butterfly had been struggling very ha
images/000007954.jpg	is always friendly, welcoming, and gener
images/000007955.jpg	anta Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in
images/000007956.jpg	 improve my skills.Second I will go to my grandm
images/000007957.jpg	o the market in order to sell them. The merc
images/000007958.jpg	e a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit in i
images/000007959.jpg	t of the cocoon without any more struggles. He c
images/000007960.jpg	ch about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” 
images/000007961.jpg	tz said to Emily. “So forget about the wh
images/000007962.jpg	 the elders' experience-based advice or se
images/000007963.jpg	many years. I guess he is too busy visiting a
images/000007964.jpg	students need it to read English textbooks 
images/000007965.jpg	 there remained a few nails that the boy could 
images/000007966.jpg	s able to pull out most of the nails fro
images/000007967.jpg	ty. Friends are the connections between childr
images/000007968.jpg	the nails every day as he had controlled his ang
images/000007969.jpg	be in favor of their children's hairstyle an
images/000007970.jpg	rtant role in the maintenance of our society.
images/000007971.jpg	, they just want me to be happy. I know I s
images/000007972.jpg	or hours to come out through the tiny opening. U
images/000007973.jpg	him and requested the countrymen to wear shoes.
images/000007974.jpg	 more than ten times up, indicating compute
images/000007975.jpg	l in the exam, I will show my paper to my p
images/000007976.jpg	hould learn to understand their children and
images/000007977.jpg	beautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded hi
images/000007978.jpg	hey were hammered on people. You can remove the n
images/000007979.jpg	 it was his first trip by foot to longer
images/000007980.jpg	he road of the whole country with leather so tha
images/000007981.jpg	urned to the palace. He was quite happy that 
images/000007982.jpg	e.”Computers and Modern LifeThe computer is a
images/000007983.jpg	r jonrnals and attend English lectures, w
images/000007984.jpg	ned to the palace. He was quite happy tha
images/000007985.jpg	 children warmth, care and shelter, while f
images/000007986.jpg	ach member of the family contributes to h
images/000007987.jpg	e cocoon. He was watching the butterfly strug
images/000007988.jpg	ll out most of the nails from the fence. Howe
images/000007989.jpg	hen I do well in the exam, I will show my paper t
images/000007990.jpg	ty and decided to leave the trunk and drink s
images/000007991.jpg	der a dry leaf and started blowing at it.
images/000007992.jpg	 your feet?’The king was very much surp
images/000007993.jpg	ought a lot of benefits to us. It makes us do t
images/000007994.jpg	to wings. Thus, the body would become lighter a
images/000007995.jpg	r cultures and keeps our minds open to b
images/000007996.jpg	 He was very hungry. No matter how hard he trie
images/000007997.jpg	 ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch preside
images/000007998.jpg	rs in a Chinese family are respectively 
images/000007999.jpg	en our vision.How to Be a Successful Eng
images/000008000.jpg	er one was born, the first surroundings is the 
images/000008001.jpg	hers with his words. His bad temper made him
images/000008002.jpg	everal days passed and the boy was able to pul
images/000008003.jpg	r enlarged nor the swollen body reduced.
images/000008004.jpg	mputer has brought a lot of benefits to us
images/000008005.jpg	ome students need it to read English textboo
images/000008006.jpg	gry fox that was looking for something to eat
images/000008007.jpg	 had a swollen body with small and withe
images/000008008.jpg	ant to stay with her for several days.Las
images/000008009.jpg	s that young generation is keen on are disg
images/000008010.jpg	rough the verbal usage. While he forgot wha
images/000008011.jpg	 the fox had eaten so much food that he b
images/000008012.jpg	 gathering around the television in the eveni
images/000008013.jpg	y, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy building a 
images/000008014.jpg	aken into account. These different ideas di
images/000008015.jpg	tay with her for several days.Last I will h
images/000008016.jpg	ressure on myself. One day, my parents tell me th
images/000008017.jpg	hough you find others speaking English be
images/000008018.jpg	rcher for the revised edition of The Hit
images/000008019.jpg	sed to get angry very soon and taunt other
images/000008020.jpg	ctivities. The more you speak, the better your s
images/000008021.jpg	here are many examples that demonstrate huma
images/000008022.jpg	ina, children live with their parents eve
images/000008023.jpg	urage. They both help children to understand the
images/000008024.jpg	e sparrow continued: “I think all of you sho
images/000008025.jpg	ay, Arthur Dent is plucked off the planet b
images/000008026.jpg	lebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie
images/000008027.jpg	they realized what the sparrow had said was cor
images/000008028.jpg	, commitment and discipline to learn Engli
images/000008029.jpg	rtunately, the donkey slipped and fell into t
images/000008030.jpg	ents, they are so happy to see me do wel
images/000008031.jpg	 you. Participate in all oral activities. 
images/000008032.jpg	On reaching the river he again fell into the w
images/000008033.jpg	the minister. He ordered for a pair of leather
images/000008034.jpg	he fence never look the same! It has scars all ov
images/000008035.jpg	painful than physical abuse! Use words for 
images/000008036.jpg	thought a little before jumping into the hole.”C
images/000008037.jpg	to better ways of seeing things. Computers l
images/000008038.jpg	ople either turn a deaf ear to the elders' 
images/000008039.jpg	 brilliant, and chronically depressed rob
images/000008040.jpg	from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The numbe
images/000008041.jpg	wings, shrink the body and the wings could suppo
images/000008042.jpg	ching the river he again fell into the water. But
images/000008043.jpg	 sitting on the same tree. She noticed w
images/000008044.jpg	ns. With the rapid progressing of the soci
images/000008045.jpg	fortunately, neither the wings expanded or enlarg
images/000008046.jpg	The boy told his father about the same. 
images/000008047.jpg	ind that different things appeal to differ
images/000008048.jpg	watch the butterfly and he was quite eage
images/000008049.jpg	th the rapid progressing of the society, c
images/000008050.jpg	ny people can afford their own personal com
images/000008051.jpg	 the man did it with good intention, only going t
images/000008052.jpg	 themselves against what the elders have bee
images/000008053.jpg	he fox was very sad and upset. He told himself, 
images/000008054.jpg	s offer the environment of living, friends m
images/000008055.jpg	from the fence. However, there remained a fe
images/000008056.jpg	veral hours. He spent almost more than 10 
images/000008057.jpg	remain there forever. Your bad temper and 
images/000008058.jpg	support the body.  Unfortunately, neither the
images/000008059.jpg	acters. If we say that families offer the env
images/000008060.jpg	y are respectively more than in other countries'
images/000008061.jpg	proud that their king was so kind with a
images/000008062.jpg	y happy. He jumped into the hole and when he 
images/000008063.jpg	sed advice or set themselves against what
images/000008064.jpg	well in the exam, I will show my paper t
images/000008065.jpg	ilies are proud of their harmony and unity
images/000008066.jpg	gs appeal to different generations. Those who gr
images/000008067.jpg	his dynamic pair began a journey through 
images/000008068.jpg	oung people either turn a deaf ear to the elder
images/000008069.jpg	rld humanism plays an important role in the m
images/000008070.jpg	 of the nails from the fence. However, there rem
images/000008071.jpg	derful machine. Today it is used a great deal. Th
images/000008072.jpg	ents need English and they need it for d
images/000008073.jpg	 Voojagig, a former graduate student obse
images/000008074.jpg	mmered to the fence was reduced and the day arr
images/000008075.jpg	ull out a few nails. The fence never look th
images/000008076.jpg	king for something to eat. He was very hungry. N
images/000008077.jpg	r beautiful butterflies! The continuous effort fr
images/000008078.jpg	 parents through the verbal usage. While he fo
images/000008079.jpg	emed that the butterfly tried its best an
images/000008080.jpg	own over and over again so that many people 
images/000008081.jpg	r bad temper and they were hammered on people. 
images/000008082.jpg	' experience-based advice or set themselve
images/000008083.jpg	 didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who is
images/000008084.jpg	 very sad and upset. He told himself, “I
images/000008085.jpg	, families offer children warmth, care and shel
images/000008086.jpg	eautiful butterflies! The continuous effort fro
images/000008087.jpg	ay as he had controlled his anger. Several d
images/000008088.jpg	 children at Christmas time.”“Does he also br
images/000008089.jpg	ly, the donkey fell into the river and was
images/000008090.jpg	reduced to half. The little boy found it very
images/000008091.jpg	lained to his ministers that the roads weren’t c
images/000008092.jpg	ammered on the fence was reduced to half. The
images/000008093.jpg	 Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revise
images/000008094.jpg	o travel by foot to interact with his peo
images/000008095.jpg	tic behavior. In the event of a life-threatening
images/000008096.jpg	ion, one should get access to a lot of reading 
images/000008097.jpg	inally, the boy’s father came up with an idea.
images/000008098.jpg	ble to pull out most of the nails from the 
images/000008099.jpg	erson's growth. One is family, and the ot
images/000008100.jpg	rest and searched there for food. Suddenly he c
images/000008101.jpg	s said, “I wish we could find some fire. It wi
images/000008102.jpg	y? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food th
images/000008103.jpg	oes for him and requested the countrymen
images/000008104.jpg	cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly had bee
images/000008105.jpg	h space aided by a galaxyful of fellow travelers
images/000008106.jpg	man with a knife, but the wound will remain 
images/000008107.jpg	ting all the human children to have much time
images/000008108.jpg	ies are hospitable. The family gathers together t
images/000008109.jpg	ecided to sit over and watch how the butter
images/000008110.jpg	en though you find others speaking English bet
images/000008111.jpg	sm is a system of beliefs that focuses on common
images/000008112.jpg	se of the hours that people spend on comp
images/000008113.jpg	to cover the road of the whole country with le
images/000008114.jpg	a word, families offer children warmth, c
images/000008115.jpg	unications with them open, at the same time they 
images/000008116.jpg	h worried about the people who used to walk alo
images/000008117.jpg	 human children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forg
images/000008118.jpg	 out of the cocoon without any more struggles.
images/000008119.jpg	and could see his fellow people leading a prop
images/000008120.jpg	to different generations. Those who grow up 
images/000008121.jpg	 road with leather? Rather, you can just have a
images/000008122.jpg	 a cocktail party once upon a time zone; Marv
images/000008123.jpg	 a few nails. The fence never look the same! 
images/000008124.jpg	ur bad temper and they were hammered on people. Y
images/000008125.jpg	n friends. The household is always friendly
images/000008126.jpg	solving the problem. As long as both sides keep
images/000008127.jpg	ures, while some students need to use it to
images/000008128.jpg	n a journey through space aided by a gal
images/000008129.jpg	rt into wings. Thus, the body would become l
images/000008130.jpg	nt quickly discovered the donkey’s trick. He th
images/000008131.jpg	you find others speaking English better than 
images/000008132.jpg	appily lived under the rule of a king. The 
images/000008133.jpg	s and keeps our minds open to better ways
images/000008134.jpg	uickly. Further more, it gives us insights into o
images/000008135.jpg	was the only son for them. The parents of 
images/000008136.jpg	oing to do many things that I want to do
images/000008137.jpg	iends. The household is always friendly, welcom
images/000008138.jpg	around butterflies. He knew how a butterf
images/000008139.jpg	he fox was very sad and upset. He told himself
images/000008140.jpg	y began to eat. After the fox had finished eati
images/000008141.jpg	ick up at a cocktail party once upon a time
images/000008142.jpg	 that people spend on computers per week, ran
images/000008143.jpg	 with their parents even after they get marrie
images/000008144.jpg	the fox could not find food. Finally he wen
images/000008145.jpg	rgely broaden our vision.How to Be a Succe
images/000008146.jpg	 verbal usage. While he forgot what he s
images/000008147.jpg	ly. Further more, it gives us insights i
images/000008148.jpg	round with withered wings and huge body. It
images/000008149.jpg	the road of the whole country with leather so 
images/000008150.jpg	ers that the roads weren’t comfortable a
images/000008151.jpg	itz told us. “She doesn’t know much about our wi
images/000008152.jpg	t give any more try.The man, who had a passion 
images/000008153.jpg	reasons why generation gap comes into bei
images/000008154.jpg	let the fluid stored in the body convert into 
images/000008155.jpg	es offer the environment of living, friends ma
images/000008156.jpg	 understand the world as it is, so they are the
images/000008157.jpg	anches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we co
images/000008158.jpg	d even though you find others speaking English
images/000008159.jpg	ne was born, the first surroundings is the family
images/000008160.jpg	ce was reduced to half. The little boy found it 
images/000008161.jpg	 edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the G
images/000008162.jpg	 first trip by foot to longer distance. He c
images/000008163.jpg	ery happy. He jumped into the hole and when 
images/000008164.jpg	A sparrow came flying to its nest. The mo
images/000008165.jpg	ails. He asked his son to hammer one nail
images/000008166.jpg	ed and the day arrived when no nail was hammere
images/000008167.jpg	ost his temper, he ran to the fence and hamme
images/000008168.jpg	 down trees in the forest. He was going 
images/000008169.jpg	ents, they are so happy to see me do wel
images/000008170.jpg	oks or jonrnals and attend English lectures, 
images/000008171.jpg	oliday, I want to practice more to improve 
images/000008172.jpg	So a household consisting of three generat
images/000008173.jpg	 boy could not pull out.The boy told his f
images/000008174.jpg	rs. If we say that families offer the enviro
images/000008175.jpg	t trip by foot to longer distance. He complai
images/000008176.jpg	planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a res
images/000008177.jpg	o have a conversation with their king and they we
images/000008178.jpg	ags of salt to go to the market in order 
images/000008179.jpg	nger, his friends and neighbours avoided h
images/000008180.jpg	 but re-loaded his donkey with bags of sponges
images/000008181.jpg	ost all the students need English and they need
images/000008182.jpg	butterfly. He got a pair of scissors and twe
images/000008183.jpg	ow hard he tried, the fox could not find food. 
images/000008184.jpg	ght expand the wings, shrink the body and th
images/000008185.jpg	ght over the years.Where are these pens? Why 
images/000008186.jpg	. He told his father that it was several days 
images/000008187.jpg	utterfly that was never able to live a life l
images/000008188.jpg	eeks, he returned to the palace. He was 
images/000008189.jpg	ny. He could not tolerate the pain as he wa
images/000008190.jpg	truggles. He continued to watch the butterf
images/000008191.jpg	ing a more and more important role in mod
images/000008192.jpg	s friends due to anger. He invited all worries fo
images/000008193.jpg	nt characters. If we say that families offer th
images/000008194.jpg	es that demonstrate humanism. The spirit of 
images/000008195.jpg	se families tend to socialize together, with sev
images/000008196.jpg	 the forest for many years. I guess he is too bus
images/000008197.jpg	 discipline to learn English well. In order
images/000008198.jpg	epressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former grad
images/000008199.jpg	asked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you see
images/000008200.jpg	ger beautiful and had a swollen body with sma
images/000008201.jpg	 the human children to have much time left f
images/000008202.jpg	terflies! The continuous effort from the butt
images/000008203.jpg	y very soon and taunt others with his word
images/000008204.jpg	, all their attempts failed. Finally, th
images/000008205.jpg	enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel embar
images/000008206.jpg	er children warmth, care and shelter, while frien
images/000008207.jpg	ether, this dynamic pair began a journey
images/000008208.jpg	and the fierce market competition, the p
images/000008209.jpg	is people and accompany them. People of distant 
images/000008210.jpg	 need to use it to talk to English-speakers, a
images/000008211.jpg	), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried t
images/000008212.jpg	tried its best and could not give any more try
images/000008213.jpg	 for its wonderful combination of colours. 
images/000008214.jpg	urage. They both help children to understand th
images/000008215.jpg	a lot of reading materials, which can also he
images/000008216.jpg	 idea. Let’s go home now before you catch
images/000008217.jpg	old.”Change Yourself and not The WorldL
images/000008218.jpg	onnections between children and the society, 
images/000008219.jpg	time. But I have put so much pressure on mys
images/000008220.jpg	ers have been proud of.People have different
images/000008221.jpg	im?” Emily asked.“I don’t think so,” said
images/000008222.jpg	er holiday, I want to practice more to improv
images/000008223.jpg	 to watch the butterfly fly with its beautiful w
images/000008224.jpg	ht a little before jumping into the hole.
images/000008225.jpg	lem of generation gap, people's ideas are no
images/000008226.jpg	 frankly.Who Influences Young Adults MostCo
images/000008227.jpg	t part in shaping children's personality.
images/000008228.jpg	s looking for something to eat. He was very
images/000008229.jpg	 dry leaf and started blowing at it.Some other m
images/000008230.jpg	ed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is
images/000008231.jpg	If we don’t want to undergo any struggle, we won
images/000008232.jpg	o improve my skills.Second I will go to m
images/000008233.jpg	uman children to have much time left for anim
images/000008234.jpg	noticed a flock of fireflies. One of the young
images/000008235.jpg	hree generations is common.Chinese familie
images/000008236.jpg	gry and to lose his temper. The little boy
images/000008237.jpg	l generations gathering around the televisio
images/000008238.jpg	an saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had a c
images/000008239.jpg	xy who, for the last fifteen years, has b
images/000008240.jpg	stant places. He decided to travel by foot to
images/000008241.jpg	ith her for several days.Last I will help my 
images/000008242.jpg	d. The young man's actions were the example of h
images/000008243.jpg	me lighter and smaller and the wings would
images/000008244.jpg	as several days that he did not hammer any na
images/000008245.jpg	he meaning of humanism. If we treat our fellows 
images/000008246.jpg	e who grow up in happy families tend to have many
images/000008247.jpg	ed to spend a lot of time around butterflies. He
images/000008248.jpg	asked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do
images/000008249.jpg	seminars, write letters, etc.Students sho
images/000008250.jpg	r feet?’The king was very much surprised 
images/000008251.jpg	oes for him and requested the countrymen to we
images/000008252.jpg	gathering around the television in the evening.
images/000008253.jpg	on. He loved butterflies and had a craze for 
images/000008254.jpg	ristmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn
images/000008255.jpg	turn a deaf ear to the elders' experience-base
images/000008256.jpg	f time around butterflies. He knew how a 
images/000008257.jpg	e with abundance of wealth and no misfortunes
images/000008258.jpg	een proud of.People have different opin
images/000008259.jpg	ul spring morning, a merchant loaded his d
images/000008260.jpg	ne was born, the first surroundings is the f
images/000008261.jpg	lso didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who i
images/000008262.jpg	re very happy as they had a very prosperous l
images/000008263.jpg	d with leather? Rather, you can just hav
images/000008264.jpg	are proud of their harmony and unity. Each
images/000008265.jpg	e of the forest and searched there for foo
images/000008266.jpg	 quickly. Further more, it gives us insig
images/000008267.jpg	and decided to leave the trunk and drink som
images/000008268.jpg	gry fox that was looking for something to
images/000008269.jpg	entres at distant places. He decided to travel b
images/000008270.jpg	her's outlooks on the world, the gap between t
images/000008271.jpg	 was correct.They set free the firefly and mov
images/000008272.jpg	od in the tree trunk while he cut down trees
images/000008273.jpg	er. Several days passed and the boy was able to
images/000008274.jpg	otally out-to-lunch president of the gal
images/000008275.jpg	ly he went to the edge of the forest and searc
images/000008276.jpg	 some time the monkeys became very tired. Now th
images/000008277.jpg	ggling very hard for hours to come out t
images/000008278.jpg	d the donkey’s trick. He then returned home 
images/000008279.jpg	grandma's house,because I miss her very much.
images/000008280.jpg	ame cloth. Parents may not be in favor of
images/000008281.jpg	orld is difficult for one who sets his mind on it
images/000008282.jpg	ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In the 
images/000008283.jpg	's life.Family Life in ChinaThe members in a
images/000008284.jpg	ppy families tend to have many pleasant character
images/000008285.jpg	d Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised edi
images/000008286.jpg	 little boy were very depressed due to his 
images/000008287.jpg	d accompany them. People of distant places
images/000008288.jpg	people of the kingdom were very happy as t
images/000008289.jpg	bal usage. While he forgot what he spoke 
images/000008290.jpg	poke in anger, his friends and neighbours avoid
images/000008291.jpg	th. Parents may not be in favor of their childre
images/000008292.jpg	mpetition, the price has been marked down 
images/000008293.jpg	e wound will remain there forever. Your bad tem
images/000008294.jpg	hey noticed a flock of fireflies. One of the you
images/000008295.jpg	 it to talk to English-speakers, attend semina
images/000008296.jpg	s for him and requested the countrymen to wear sh
images/000008297.jpg	me! It has scars all over! You can stab a man 
images/000008298.jpg	ing asked - what was his alternative idea. The
images/000008299.jpg	its branches. One of the monkeys said, “I wi
images/000008300.jpg	ehold is always friendly, welcoming, and gen
images/000008301.jpg	 the fox could not find food. Finally he went t
images/000008302.jpg	 quality for successful English learning is perse
images/000008303.jpg	 outlooks on the world, the gap between the
images/000008304.jpg	to pay closer attention to our fellows. Occa
images/000008305.jpg	are of me, she also has to work. Therefore, I wan
images/000008306.jpg	butterfly come out of the cocoon without any 
images/000008307.jpg	ting, he felt thirsty and decided to leave the t
images/000008308.jpg	s, he returned to the palace. He was quite
images/000008309.jpg	w to cover the road with leather? Rather, 
images/000008310.jpg	 for the last fifteen years, has been posing as
images/000008311.jpg	oup of monkeys were on a tree. They were cling
images/000008312.jpg	they are so happy to see me do well in the e
images/000008313.jpg	urn home where he loaded his donkey with mo
images/000008314.jpg	d watch how the butterfly would come out of th
images/000008315.jpg	 deaf ear to the elders' experience-based advice
images/000008316.jpg	inters.”It turned out Emily also didn’t know m
images/000008317.jpg	nvitation.Chinese families are proud of their h
images/000008318.jpg	? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food that he be
images/000008319.jpg	nce upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, 
images/000008320.jpg	r, while friends give them strength and cour
images/000008321.jpg	nd anger were like that! Words are more 
images/000008322.jpg	an also help accumulate and enlarge your vo
images/000008323.jpg	veral generations gathering around the television
images/000008324.jpg	ight. The weather was freezing. A group of monkey
images/000008325.jpg	pparent in the story of "The Right Son at the 
images/000008326.jpg	should take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did 
images/000008327.jpg	ing soccer.During the summer holiday, I wa
images/000008328.jpg	good. Use them to embrace the relationshi
images/000008329.jpg	’s go home now before you catch a cold.”
images/000008330.jpg	r the road with leather? Rather, you can just hav
images/000008331.jpg	o cover the road of the whole country with leathe
images/000008332.jpg	ou can stab a man with a knife, but the wound 
images/000008333.jpg	d due to his bad temper. The boy used to get ang
images/000008334.jpg	t competition, the price has been marked down
images/000008335.jpg	 and the butterfly. The butterfly had bee
images/000008336.jpg	onstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism i
images/000008337.jpg	y must keep in mind that different things appeal 
images/000008338.jpg	gh the verbal usage. While he forgot what he sp
images/000008339.jpg	m about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The nu
images/000008340.jpg	had thought a little before jumping into the ho
images/000008341.jpg	reezing. A group of monkeys were on a tree. The
images/000008342.jpg	here was a hungry fox that was looking for 
images/000008343.jpg	s quite happy that he visited many pilgri
images/000008344.jpg	f humanism is apparent in the story of "The Ri
images/000008345.jpg	 decided to go on a travel to visit places 
images/000008346.jpg	nds make another important part in shaping c
images/000008347.jpg	aded on his back became lighter.There was nothi
images/000008348.jpg	time of need. The young man's actions were the
images/000008349.jpg	ms with each other actively, sincerely a
images/000008350.jpg	 to sell them. The merchant and his donkey 
images/000008351.jpg	s of solving human problems.There are many exam
images/000008352.jpg	s, the fox had eaten so much food that h
images/000008353.jpg	n his feet as it was his first trip by foot to 
images/000008354.jpg	and unity. Each member of the family contr
images/000008355.jpg	 remained a few nails that the boy could n
images/000008356.jpg	nwhile, thanks to the decline of cost and the
images/000008357.jpg	utiful and colourful butterfly comes from an un
images/000008358.jpg	nistry came to the king and said that he had an
images/000008359.jpg	ot cut from the same cloth. Parents may not be
images/000008360.jpg	arn to understand their children and keep th
images/000008361.jpg	 don’t care how I do well in the exam, they
images/000008362.jpg	, he ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In 
images/000008363.jpg	is head.“You see. Santa Claus is only for huma
images/000008364.jpg	essure on myself. One day, my parents tell me tha
images/000008365.jpg	t from the same cloth. Parents may not be in favo
images/000008366.jpg	t; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate studen
images/000008367.jpg	nese families are hospitable. The family ga
images/000008368.jpg	l hours, there was no progress. It seemed t
images/000008369.jpg	ed out Emily also didn’t know much about C
images/000008370.jpg	 he cut down trees in the forest. He was go
images/000008371.jpg	trip by foot to longer distance. He complai
images/000008372.jpg	 come out of its cocoon would let the fluid st
images/000008373.jpg	s of salt on its back again.The merchant qu
images/000008374.jpg	ay an important role in shaping children's char
images/000008375.jpg	ributes to household duties, including the ch
images/000008376.jpg	ng very hard for hours to come out through 
images/000008377.jpg	is the family in which he will grow up. P
images/000008378.jpg	 her in the holidays.What will you do on Summe
images/000008379.jpg	 kindness. Unfortunately, all their attempts fai
images/000008380.jpg	ather about the same.  The father apprecia
images/000008381.jpg	o undergo any struggle, we won’t be able to f
images/000008382.jpg	 our fellows. Occasional examples of human goodn
images/000008383.jpg	became heavier.Cocoon and the ButterflyMany of
images/000008384.jpg	friends. The household is always friendl
images/000008385.jpg	a person's growth. One is family, and the 
images/000008386.jpg	example of humanistic behavior. In the ev
images/000008387.jpg	as time.”“Does he also bring presents to ani
images/000008388.jpg	fell into the river and wasted all the bag
images/000008389.jpg	ten times up, indicating computers are playing a 
images/000008390.jpg	 effort from the butterfly to come out of its coc
images/000008391.jpg	ning. It requires much time, commitment and
images/000008392.jpg	hings may turn out for the better. Humanism
images/000008393.jpg	on a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, an
images/000008394.jpg	nd generous to visitors who can drop in on friend
images/000008395.jpg	er from a nearby spring. However, no matter how 
images/000008396.jpg	are the connections between children and the so
images/000008397.jpg	y, his father gave him a huge bag of nails. 
images/000008398.jpg	d his anger. Several days passed and the 
images/000008399.jpg	one can get into the society and become sociable.
images/000008400.jpg	ery happy as they had a very prosperous life wi
images/000008401.jpg	He invited all worries for his parents thro
images/000008402.jpg	 Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy bui
images/000008403.jpg	n a word, families offer children warmth, care 
images/000008404.jpg	ought that he had to change this for the betterme
images/000008405.jpg	 generous to visitors who can drop in on friend
images/000008406.jpg	ecome sociable.In a word, families offe
images/000008407.jpg	the body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings
images/000008408.jpg	uld cost a huge amount of money also.A wis
images/000008409.jpg	ings expanded or enlarged nor the swollen body r
images/000008410.jpg	30 times on the first day! Every time he lo
images/000008411.jpg	in time of need. The young man's actions wer
images/000008412.jpg	t Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” sh
images/000008413.jpg	 father appreciated him and asked him pointing to
images/000008414.jpg	urs to about 19 hours. The number climbs more 
images/000008415.jpg	glish reading comprehension, one should get acc
images/000008416.jpg	taking care of me, she also has to work. Therefo
images/000008417.jpg	 ButterflyMany of us know that a beautiful and c
images/000008418.jpg	 package, he saw there were a lot of food, brea
images/000008419.jpg	 father gave him a huge bag of nails. He a
images/000008420.jpg	d controlled his anger. Several days passed 
images/000008421.jpg	ed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate 
images/000008422.jpg	s alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why d
images/000008423.jpg	came flying to its nest. The monkeys were s
images/000008424.jpg	s parents, they should learn to understand thei
images/000008425.jpg	for different purposes. Some students ne
images/000008426.jpg	ecame angry and to lose his temper. The little b
images/000008427.jpg	mbination of colours. In fact, he used to
images/000008428.jpg	non? As far as I know, it involves several r
images/000008429.jpg	e old generation is too conservative to accept an
images/000008430.jpg	ciety, so by contacting with friends one ca
images/000008431.jpg	his friends and neighbours avoided him.His moth
images/000008432.jpg	pend on computers per week, ranging from a
images/000008433.jpg	s to us. It makes us do things more quic
images/000008434.jpg	 is perseverance in face of hardship. Don't b
images/000008435.jpg	he tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after con
images/000008436.jpg	o,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, mysel
images/000008437.jpg	unately, the butterfly looked no longer bea
images/000008438.jpg	 hours. The number climbs more than ten times
images/000008439.jpg	rthur Dent is plucked off the planet by his
images/000008440.jpg	nkey with bags of salt to go to the market in or
images/000008441.jpg	cond I will go to my grandma's house,because I
images/000008442.jpg	gether, this dynamic pair began a journey through
images/000008443.jpg	y come out of the cocoon without any more str
images/000008444.jpg	m.Both generations should be responsible fo
images/000008445.jpg	r one who sets his mind on it.Views on Gener
images/000008446.jpg	s so kind with a good heart!After severa
images/000008447.jpg	 to get angry very soon and taunt others w
images/000008448.jpg	nsform from an ugly caterpillar into a b
images/000008449.jpg	aining cocoon. The butterfly emerged without any 
images/000008450.jpg	became very happy. He jumped into the hole
images/000008451.jpg	d support the body.  Unfortunately, neither 
images/000008452.jpg	oticed what they were doing. The sparrow 
images/000008453.jpg	lk along those roads as it would be painful fo
images/000008454.jpg	 harmony and unity. Each member of the famil
images/000008455.jpg	If we don’t want to undergo any struggle, 
images/000008456.jpg	 foot to longer distance. He complained to h
images/000008457.jpg	said, “I wish we could find some fire. I
images/000008458.jpg	ought that he had to change this for the betterm
images/000008459.jpg	shoes for him and requested the countrymen to wea
images/000008460.jpg	alize together, with several generations ga
images/000008461.jpg	ou cannot pull out a few nails. The fence never
images/000008462.jpg	tterfly had been struggling very hard for
images/000008463.jpg	the fence and hammered a nail. In the next
images/000008464.jpg	 Those who grow up in happy families tend to 
images/000008465.jpg	struggling very hard for hours to come out t
images/000008466.jpg	ce has been marked down over and over again so
images/000008467.jpg	 a journey through space aided by a galaxyfu
images/000008468.jpg	 was reduced and the day arrived when no nail was
images/000008469.jpg	ess to a lot of reading materials, which
images/000008470.jpg	ly. Further more, it gives us insights into o
images/000008471.jpg	student obsessed with the disappearance 
images/000008472.jpg	dings is the family in which he will grow u
images/000008473.jpg	s before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty an
images/000008474.jpg	rrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys tha
images/000008475.jpg	s? Why are we born? Why do we die? For all t
images/000008476.jpg	ntinuous effort from the butterfly to come out
images/000008477.jpg	eep their minds open to each other's outlooks on 
images/000008478.jpg	ember of the family contributes to househo
images/000008479.jpg	 discovered the donkey’s trick. He then ret
images/000008480.jpg	d it very difficult to hammer the nails and de
images/000008481.jpg	le country with leather so that people m
images/000008482.jpg	a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, an
images/000008483.jpg	sh, tricky donkey again set on its way. O
images/000008484.jpg	gry fox immediately thought that there might 
images/000008485.jpg	 to use it to talk to English-speakers, at
images/000008486.jpg	hey were hammered on people. You can remove the
images/000008487.jpg	n and keep the lines of communications with th
images/000008488.jpg	mes from an unappealing worm! Here is the story
images/000008489.jpg	that maybe the old generation is too conserva
images/000008490.jpg	irsty and decided to leave the trunk and drink s
images/000008491.jpg	 a time, there was a hungry fox that was lo
images/000008492.jpg	f colours. In fact, he used to spend a lot 
images/000008493.jpg	as actual medical treatment.In the civilized 
images/000008494.jpg	ith respect and tolerance, many things may tur
images/000008495.jpg	mmediately thought that there might be fo
images/000008496.jpg	keep warm”.Suddenly they noticed a flock of f
images/000008497.jpg	p of monkeys were on a tree. They were c
images/000008498.jpg	, you can just have a piece of leather cut
images/000008499.jpg	t meant that the butterfly was trying to make 
images/000008500.jpg	 was several days that he did not hammer an
images/000008501.jpg	ry happy as they had a very prosperous life
images/000008502.jpg	h and has never seen snow before,” Fritz t
images/000008503.jpg	e same time they must keep in mind that diff
images/000008504.jpg	 times up, indicating computers are playing
images/000008505.jpg	erous to visitors who can drop in on friends 
images/000008506.jpg	e two apparent factors which affect a pe
images/000008507.jpg	d I were busy building a snowman when Fritz appe
images/000008508.jpg	So a household consisting of three gener
images/000008509.jpg	nsion, one should get access to a lot of rea
images/000008510.jpg	the hours that people spend on computers per
images/000008511.jpg	 not. When it comes to the problem of generatio
images/000008512.jpg	some students need to use it to talk to Engl
images/000008513.jpg	the planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a research
images/000008514.jpg	atter how hard he tried, the fox could not fi
images/000008515.jpg	were sitting on the same tree. She noticed what t
images/000008516.jpg	of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox 
images/000008517.jpg	ll them. The merchant and his donkey were walkin
images/000008518.jpg	neither the wings expanded or enlarged nor 
images/000008519.jpg	onkey again set on its way. On reaching t
images/000008520.jpg	He could not tolerate the pain as he walked al
images/000008521.jpg	ver their problems with each other actively, sin
images/000008522.jpg	e forest for many years. I guess he is too bus
images/000008523.jpg	ry happy. He jumped into the hole and when he
images/000008524.jpg	he holes in the fence. Again, you cannot
images/000008525.jpg	 had intolerable pain in his feet as it was his
images/000008526.jpg	 as it would destroy the life of thousands 
images/000008527.jpg	ast fifteen years, has been posing as an out-of-
images/000008528.jpg	d clothes. Young people either turn a deaf ear 
images/000008529.jpg	nta Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the
images/000008530.jpg	hildren and the society, so by contacting w
images/000008531.jpg	rate humanism. The spirit of humanism is appar
images/000008532.jpg	s us do things more quickly. Further more, 
images/000008533.jpg	ents through the verbal usage. While he f
images/000008534.jpg	lity for successful English learning is persev
images/000008535.jpg	ts even after they get married. So a hous
images/000008536.jpg	 leather cut in appropriate shape to cove
images/000008537.jpg	hen I do well in the exam, I will show my pa
images/000008538.jpg	s it is, so they are the dearest parts i
images/000008539.jpg	 understand the world as it is, so they are
images/000008540.jpg	se I like playing soccer.During the summe
images/000008541.jpg	Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so m
images/000008542.jpg	t teachers, so family does play an important rol
images/000008543.jpg	iver he again fell into the water. But in
images/000008544.jpg	d eating, he felt thirsty and decided to leave 
images/000008545.jpg	ence every time he became angry and to lose his
images/000008546.jpg	er how hard he tried, the fox could not fi
images/000008547.jpg	 and be happy.A Hole in the FenceIn a 
images/000008548.jpg	k along those roads as it would be painf
images/000008549.jpg	ferent things appeal to different generations.
images/000008550.jpg	 Why are we born? Why do we die? For all the ans
images/000008551.jpg	er that it was several days that he did not ham
images/000008552.jpg	 through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even
images/000008553.jpg	e like that! Words are more painful than physic
images/000008554.jpg	rvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically 
images/000008555.jpg	” Harry added, shaking his head.“You see
images/000008556.jpg	 of the cocoon without any more struggles. He con
images/000008557.jpg	 hasn’t been around this part of the forest for m
images/000008558.jpg	er of the family contributes to household d
images/000008559.jpg	er the road of the whole country with leather
images/000008560.jpg	English textbooks or jonrnals and attend E
images/000008561.jpg	y Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom
images/000008562.jpg	linging to its branches. One of the monkeys said,
images/000008563.jpg	istmas SurpriseIt was two days before Christ
images/000008564.jpg	Time". The soldier extended a helping ha
images/000008565.jpg	s alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why
images/000008566.jpg	ervative to accept anything new. Their voices are
images/000008567.jpg	nto the river and wasted all the bags of salt on 
images/000008568.jpg	 so much food that he became too big to fi
images/000008569.jpg	vent of a life-threatening emergency, humanis
images/000008570.jpg	atch the butterfly fly with its beautiful win
images/000008571.jpg	 were like that! Words are more painful than phy
images/000008572.jpg	t it for his lunch.The fox happily began to ea
images/000008573.jpg	families tend to socialize together, with severa
images/000008574.jpg	ties, including the children. Chinese famil
images/000008575.jpg	ngs could support the body.  Unfortunately, neith
images/000008576.jpg	just have a piece of leather cut in appropri
images/000008577.jpg	ts tell me that they don’t care how I do 
images/000008578.jpg	ull out a few nails. The fence never look the sa
images/000008579.jpg	x that was looking for something to eat. 
images/000008580.jpg	al. There is a drastic increase of the hours t
images/000008581.jpg	Unfortunately, the butterfly looked no lon
images/000008582.jpg	tand their children and keep the lines of comm
images/000008583.jpg	l out a few nails. The fence never look the 
images/000008584.jpg	 Thus, the body would become lighter and sma
images/000008585.jpg	you admit it or not. When it comes to th
images/000008586.jpg	 his head.“You see. Santa Claus is only for huma
images/000008587.jpg	nt factors which affect a person's growth.
images/000008588.jpg	relationships. Use them to show your hear
images/000008589.jpg	.“I don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never se
images/000008590.jpg	that the butterfly tried its best and could no
images/000008591.jpg	 other actively, sincerely and frankly.
images/000008592.jpg	 is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shiveri
images/000008593.jpg	nly they noticed a flock of fireflies. One of
images/000008594.jpg	 welcoming, and generous to visitors who ca
images/000008595.jpg	 on a travel to visit places of historical 
images/000008596.jpg	les in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out 
images/000008597.jpg	o can drop in on friends and relatives wi
images/000008598.jpg	lly tired when I was go to school. Except for 
images/000008599.jpg	on gap exists in our daily life, whether y
images/000008600.jpg	branches. One of the monkeys said, “I wi
images/000008601.jpg	nstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism
images/000008602.jpg	to Emily. “So forget about the whole idea
images/000008603.jpg	mas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me
images/000008604.jpg	ere the example of humanistic behavior. In the 
images/000008605.jpg	hose roads as it would be painful for them
images/000008606.jpg	and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel emba
images/000008607.jpg	 the fence every time he became angry and 
images/000008608.jpg	rned to the palace. He was quite happy that he vi
images/000008609.jpg	d learn to understand their children and keep
images/000008610.jpg	en times up, indicating computers are playing a m
images/000008611.jpg	he nails every day as he had controlled his an
images/000008612.jpg	 the trunk and drink some water from a nearby sp
images/000008613.jpg	rld, the gap between them will be narrowed 
images/000008614.jpg	 need it to read English textbooks or jonrnals a
images/000008615.jpg	 as he walked all the way through the rough p
images/000008616.jpg	t makes us do things more quickly. Further m
images/000008617.jpg	Together, this dynamic pair began a journ
images/000008618.jpg	re was a hungry fox that was looking for s
images/000008619.jpg	 said, “I wish we could find some fire. It wi
images/000008620.jpg	ies - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he
images/000008621.jpg	 time. But I have put so much pressure on myse
images/000008622.jpg	ts failed. Finally, the boy’s father came up 
images/000008623.jpg	key were walking along together. They had not w
images/000008624.jpg	vier.Cocoon and the ButterflyMany of us 
images/000008625.jpg	o enjoy its world. He decided to sit over a
images/000008626.jpg	 in other countries' family. In China, childre
images/000008627.jpg	Emily asked.“I don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’v
images/000008628.jpg	ir of leather shoes for him and requested 
images/000008629.jpg	le boy were very depressed due to his bad t
images/000008630.jpg	ter your spoken English will be. Nothing in t
images/000008631.jpg	mother and father consoled him in many w
images/000008632.jpg	 father that it was several days that he did n
images/000008633.jpg	be narrowed down in time. Both sides should talk
images/000008634.jpg	he forgot what he spoke in anger, his fr
images/000008635.jpg	and searched there for food. Suddenly he cau
images/000008636.jpg	 they were hammered on people. You can rem
images/000008637.jpg	cocoon. He loved butterflies and had a craze fo
images/000008638.jpg	 Chinese families tend to socialize together, w
images/000008639.jpg	s.Last I will help my mother do some housework. S
images/000008640.jpg	sible for solving the problem. As long as both
images/000008641.jpg	ere for food. Suddenly he caught sight o
images/000008642.jpg	 was watching the butterfly struggling to brea
images/000008643.jpg	gh the verbal usage. While he forgot what
images/000008644.jpg	a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to m
images/000008645.jpg	ing the butterfly struggling to break the shell f
images/000008646.jpg	us insights into other cultures and keeps our
images/000008647.jpg	ections between children and the society, so by
images/000008648.jpg	re were a lot of food, bread, meat and frui
images/000008649.jpg	 from the ministry came to the king and sai
images/000008650.jpg	donkey with bags of sponges.The foolish
images/000008651.jpg	walk along those roads as it would be painful f
images/000008652.jpg	ant role in the maintenance of our societ
images/000008653.jpg	was two days before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius,
images/000008654.jpg	e might be food in it, and he became very happy. 
images/000008655.jpg	 a nail. In the next few days, the number of 
images/000008656.jpg	 student obsessed with the disappearance 
images/000008657.jpg	ife of thousands of cows to get the suff
images/000008658.jpg	flies. He knew how a butterfly would struggle to
images/000008659.jpg	s very hungry. No matter how hard he tried, th
images/000008660.jpg	y was trying to make its way to enjoy its world.
images/000008661.jpg	his temper, he ran to the fence and hammere
images/000008662.jpg	r children and keep the lines of communicat
images/000008663.jpg	ld is difficult for one who sets his mind on i
images/000008664.jpg	Does he also bring presents to animal chi
images/000008665.jpg	 butterfly looked no longer beautiful and had 
images/000008666.jpg	accept anything new. Their voices are not
images/000008667.jpg	family. In China, children live with their
images/000008668.jpg	dLong ago, people happily lived under the rule 
images/000008669.jpg	. His bad temper made him fall for angry
images/000008670.jpg	umanistic behavior. In the event of a life-thr
images/000008671.jpg	around butterflies. He knew how a butterf
images/000008672.jpg	 gathers together to celebrate holidays and en
images/000008673.jpg	 Words are more painful than physical ab
images/000008674.jpg	to celebrate holidays and entertain friends. T
images/000008675.jpg	re sitting on the same tree. She noticed what
images/000008676.jpg	lost his temper, he ran to the fence and hammered
images/000008677.jpg	any more struggles. He continued to watch 
images/000008678.jpg	d, shaking his head.“You see. Santa Claus i
images/000008679.jpg	o used to walk along those roads as it w
images/000008680.jpg	interact with his people and accompany them. 
images/000008681.jpg	my parents tell me that they don’t care how
images/000008682.jpg	 to understand the world as it is, so they
images/000008683.jpg	be happy all the time. But I have put so much pre
images/000008684.jpg	ther? Rather, you can just have a piece of leathe
images/000008685.jpg	n after they get married. So a household con
images/000008686.jpg	dated even though you find others speaki
images/000008687.jpg	. He invited all worries for his parents through 
images/000008688.jpg	for the better. Humanism makes the world a m
images/000008689.jpg	ll in the exam, I will show my paper to my parent
images/000008690.jpg	 decided to go on a travel to visit places of hi
images/000008691.jpg	es. He knew how a butterfly would struggle to
images/000008692.jpg	 fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-hea
images/000008693.jpg	n for them. The parents of the little boy were v
images/000008694.jpg	ries' family. In China, children live with the
images/000008695.jpg	air of leather shoes for him and requeste
images/000008696.jpg	your feet?’The king was very much surprised by h
images/000008697.jpg	 the things that young generation is keen
images/000008698.jpg	he boy was able to pull out most of the nail
images/000008699.jpg	f I write to him?” Emily asked.“I don’t
images/000008700.jpg	hant and his donkey were walking along tog
images/000008701.jpg	ng comprehension, one should get access to 
images/000008702.jpg	d the day arrived when no nail was hammere
images/000008703.jpg	the connections between children and the so
images/000008704.jpg	are the connections between children and the so
images/000008705.jpg	turned to the palace. He was quite happy that he
images/000008706.jpg	people spend on computers per week, ranging from 
images/000008707.jpg	ccumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't fee
images/000008708.jpg	applauded the minister. He ordered for a p
images/000008709.jpg	es on common human needs and seeks rationa
images/000008710.jpg	 human children at Christmas time.”“Does he al
images/000008711.jpg	ut the wound will remain there forever. You
images/000008712.jpg	the meaning of humanism. If we treat our fellows 
images/000008713.jpg	 upon a time, there was a hungry fox that was 
images/000008714.jpg	.Unfortunately, the donkey slipped and fell into
images/000008715.jpg	they realized what the sparrow had said was co
images/000008716.jpg	Voojagig, a former graduate student obsessed with
images/000008717.jpg	s to household duties, including the childr
images/000008718.jpg	ely, even after continuous attempts for sever
images/000008719.jpg	e in modern life.What has led to this pheno
images/000008720.jpg	r bad temper and anger were like that! Wo
images/000008721.jpg	 applied in almost every field of our life. Me
images/000008722.jpg	iced a flock of fireflies. One of the yo
images/000008723.jpg	 happy to see me do well in the exam. I want to
images/000008724.jpg	appearance of all the ballpoint pens he'
images/000008725.jpg	uses on common human needs and seeks rationa
images/000008726.jpg	he little boy found it very difficult to hamm
images/000008727.jpg	e noticed what they were doing. The sparro
images/000008728.jpg	out for the better. Humanism makes the world a mo
images/000008729.jpg	r so that people might feel comfortable,
images/000008730.jpg	ntial quality for successful English learnin
images/000008731.jpg	worm! Here is the story of a butterfly that w
images/000008732.jpg	e hospitable. The family gathers together to ce
images/000008733.jpg	 to hammer in the fence for 30 times on 
images/000008734.jpg	forest and searched there for food. Sudd
images/000008735.jpg	arth is demolished to make way for a galacti
images/000008736.jpg	long as both sides keep their minds open to each 
images/000008737.jpg	ammered on the fence was reduced to half. T
images/000008738.jpg	urs. The number climbs more than ten tim
images/000008739.jpg	ies offer the environment of living, friend
images/000008740.jpg	forest and searched there for food. Sudden
images/000008741.jpg	ontinuous attempts for several hours, there was
images/000008742.jpg	ered on the fence was reduced to half. The
images/000008743.jpg	ead of the load becoming lighter, it became heavi
images/000008744.jpg	 looked no longer beautiful and had a swolle
images/000008745.jpg	h sides keep their minds open to each oth
images/000008746.jpg	 best and could not give any more try.T
images/000008747.jpg	e trunk and drink some water from a nearby s
images/000008748.jpg	incerely and frankly.Who Influences Young Adult
images/000008749.jpg	n the exam, they just want me to be happy. I kn
images/000008750.jpg	lmost more than 10 hours with the cocoon and 
images/000008751.jpg	 on people. You can remove the nails but still s
images/000008752.jpg	ger and develop kindness. Unfortunately, all 
images/000008753.jpg	the sufficient quantity of leather and i
images/000008754.jpg	our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of co
images/000008755.jpg	s. It makes us do things more quickly. Further 
images/000008756.jpg	ced the food in the tree trunk while he cut dow
images/000008757.jpg	these pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? Fo
images/000008758.jpg	the fence and hammered a nail. In the next few
images/000008759.jpg	y stony. He could not tolerate the pain as h
images/000008760.jpg	few days, the number of nails hammered o
images/000008761.jpg	long those roads as it would be painful for
images/000008762.jpg	ed with his little niece Emily and introduced 
images/000008763.jpg	his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a m
images/000008764.jpg	 man in time of need. The young man's actions wer
images/000008765.jpg	gry very soon and taunt others with his words
images/000008766.jpg	ng computers are playing a more and more i
images/000008767.jpg	 our society. Humanism calls for us to pa
images/000008768.jpg	n as he walked all the way through the rough 
images/000008769.jpg	 her very much.I want to stay with her f
images/000008770.jpg	s!Summer holiday is coming.I am going to do
images/000008771.jpg	ow my paper to my parents, they are so happy to s
images/000008772.jpg	ody. It was never able to fly all throug
images/000008773.jpg	 he will come if I write to him?” Emily aske
images/000008774.jpg	He told himself, “I wish that I had thought a
images/000008775.jpg	ecided to go on a travel to visit places of hi
images/000008776.jpg	n idea.One day, his father gave him a huge
images/000008777.jpg	Last I will help my mother do some housework. 
images/000008778.jpg	r to the elders' experience-based advice or se
images/000008779.jpg	iced what they were doing. The sparrow laughed. 
images/000008780.jpg	s with respect and tolerance, many things
images/000008781.jpg	rst trip by foot to longer distance. He compla
images/000008782.jpg	ess of the people.His ministers were stunned t
images/000008783.jpg	nately, even after continuous attempts for se
images/000008784.jpg	As far as I know, it involves several reasons. 
images/000008785.jpg	has been posing as an out-of-work actor.T
images/000008786.jpg	lls for us to pay closer attention to our
images/000008787.jpg	andma's house,because I miss her very mu
images/000008788.jpg	English textbooks or jonrnals and attend 
images/000008789.jpg	hey should learn to understand their chil
images/000008790.jpg	nger. He invited all worries for his parents th
images/000008791.jpg	thers speaking English better than you. 
images/000008792.jpg	 family contributes to household duties,
images/000008793.jpg	mbarrassing mistakes.In short, the most 
images/000008794.jpg	e. Again, you cannot pull out a few nails
images/000008795.jpg	 in mind that different things appeal to differen
images/000008796.jpg	 of leather and it would cost a huge amoun
images/000008797.jpg	oing through the struggles the butterfly would h
images/000008798.jpg	y, welcoming, and generous to visitors who can d
images/000008799.jpg	 in all oral activities. The more you speak,
images/000008800.jpg	our bad temper and anger were like that! Words a
images/000008801.jpg	ses on common human needs and seeks rational w
images/000008802.jpg	 and it would cost a huge amount of money al
images/000008803.jpg	coon. The butterfly emerged without any struggle!
images/000008804.jpg	 no progress. It seemed that the butterfl
images/000008805.jpg	p in happy families tend to have many pleasan
images/000008806.jpg	mily in which he will grow up. Parents ar
images/000008807.jpg	donkey’s trick. He then returned home agai
images/000008808.jpg	s led to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it in
images/000008809.jpg	who had a passion and love for butterflies 
images/000008810.jpg	me, the butterfly might expand the wings
images/000008811.jpg	attention to our fellows. Occasional examp
images/000008812.jpg	 its branches. One of the monkeys said, 
images/000008813.jpg	to embrace the relationships. Use them t
images/000008814.jpg	autiful butterflies! The continuous effor
images/000008815.jpg	“brings presents and toys to human children at
images/000008816.jpg	o, for the last fifteen years, has been 
images/000008817.jpg	le and were very stony. He could not tolerate th
images/000008818.jpg	l the students need English and they need it f
images/000008819.jpg	nts tell me that they don’t care how I do w
images/000008820.jpg	nce upon a time, there was a hungry fox 
images/000008821.jpg	th her for several days.Last I will help my mot
images/000008822.jpg	s, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the col
images/000008823.jpg	o home now before you catch a cold.”Chang
images/000008824.jpg	y of us know that a beautiful and colourful b
images/000008825.jpg	on with tiny opening. It meant that the 
images/000008826.jpg	had thought a little before jumping into the hole
images/000008827.jpg	ld woodcutter had placed the food in the tre
images/000008828.jpg	for the better. Humanism makes the world a 
images/000008829.jpg	urposes. Some students need it to read English 
images/000008830.jpg	e connections between children and the socie
images/000008831.jpg	his order as it would destroy the life of thousan
images/000008832.jpg	d no longer beautiful and had a swollen b
images/000008833.jpg	 they need it for different purposes. So
images/000008834.jpg	m plays an important role in the maintenance of 
images/000008835.jpg	 19 hours. The number climbs more than ten times
images/000008836.jpg	a drastic increase of the hours that people 
images/000008837.jpg	to hear his order as it would destroy the lif
images/000008838.jpg	ain set on its way. On reaching the river he aga
images/000008839.jpg	 of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the 
images/000008840.jpg	 soccer.During the summer holiday, I want t
images/000008841.jpg	g things. Computers largely broaden our v
images/000008842.jpg	 and be happy.A Hole in the FenceIn a sm
images/000008843.jpg	well in the exam, they just want me to be hap
images/000008844.jpg	 that maybe the old generation is too conserv
images/000008845.jpg	elcoming, and generous to visitors who can d
images/000008846.jpg	 do things more quickly. Further more, it g
images/000008847.jpg	 just crawled around with withered wings and
images/000008848.jpg	ons. With the rapid progressing of the society,
images/000008849.jpg	inistry came to the king and said that he had ano
images/000008850.jpg	h affect a person's growth. One is family, 
images/000008851.jpg	 another idea.The king asked - what was his 
images/000008852.jpg	re how I do well in the exam, they just w
images/000008853.jpg	ions were the example of humanistic behavior. In
images/000008854.jpg	 the South and has never seen snow before,
images/000008855.jpg	e, she also has to work. Therefore, I want to 
images/000008856.jpg	 them. The merchant and his donkey were walk
images/000008857.jpg	o you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so m
images/000008858.jpg	uires much time, commitment and discipline
images/000008859.jpg	ily in which he will grow up. Parents are chil
images/000008860.jpg	me think that maybe the old generation is 
images/000008861.jpg	 the connections between children and the soc
images/000008862.jpg	t a lot of benefits to us. It makes us do thin
images/000008863.jpg	 families tend to have many pleasant characters. 
images/000008864.jpg	and anger were like that! Words are more 
images/000008865.jpg	perous life with abundance of wealth and no m
images/000008866.jpg	lsIt was a cold and silent night. The weather
images/000008867.jpg	 don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never 
images/000008868.jpg	ly, the donkey slipped and fell into the riv
images/000008869.jpg	ily life, whether you admit it or not. When 
images/000008870.jpg	 it is, so they are the dearest parts in one's 
images/000008871.jpg	fell into the river and wasted all the bags o
images/000008872.jpg	as never able to fly all through its life
images/000008873.jpg	is friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the 
images/000008874.jpg	y, even after continuous attempts for several h
images/000008875.jpg	can just have a piece of leather cut in ap
images/000008876.jpg	 English and they need it for different purpo
images/000008877.jpg	r again so that many people can afford their ow
images/000008878.jpg	ry sad and upset. He told himself, “I wish t
images/000008879.jpg	ed, the fox could not find food. Finally he
images/000008880.jpg	A group of monkeys were on a tree. They were clin
images/000008881.jpg	l to the fence every time he became angry 
images/000008882.jpg	sed due to his bad temper. The boy used to get an
images/000008883.jpg	 Son at the Right Time". The soldier exten
images/000008884.jpg	? Rather, you can just have a piece of lea
images/000008885.jpg	. He was watching the butterfly struggling 
images/000008886.jpg	s. He asked his son to hammer one nail to
images/000008887.jpg	o have a conversation with their king and
images/000008888.jpg	ed far when they reached a river on the r
images/000008889.jpg	ooked no longer beautiful and had a swollen b
images/000008890.jpg	Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not real fir
images/000008891.jpg	ed and fell into the river and noticed that the 
images/000008892.jpg	enerous to visitors who can drop in on friends a
images/000008893.jpg	for the last fifteen years, has been pos
images/000008894.jpg	ld support the body.  Unfortunately, neither the 
images/000008895.jpg	need to use it to talk to English-speaker
images/000008896.jpg	he minister. He ordered for a pair of leat
images/000008897.jpg	at he had to change this for the betterm
images/000008898.jpg	ity of English reading comprehension, one shoul
images/000008899.jpg	lot of reading materials, which can also 
images/000008900.jpg	over their problems with each other actively
images/000008901.jpg	inging to its branches. One of the monkeys said
images/000008902.jpg	omputer has brought a lot of benefits to us. I
images/000008903.jpg	revious invitation.Chinese families are proud of
images/000008904.jpg	butterfly might expand the wings, shrink the bod
images/000008905.jpg	anism. The spirit of humanism is apparent
images/000008906.jpg	ciated him and asked him pointing to the hole
images/000008907.jpg	ocoon. He was watching the butterfly strugg
images/000008908.jpg	 cold and silent night. The weather was freezi
images/000008909.jpg	e also bring presents to animal children
images/000008910.jpg	's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a 
images/000008911.jpg	upport the body.  Unfortunately, neither the wing
images/000008912.jpg	s appeal to different generations. Those who
images/000008913.jpg	y mother do some housework. She was reall
images/000008914.jpg	inished eating, he felt thirsty and decided to
images/000008915.jpg	wled around with withered wings and huge body. 
images/000008916.jpg	Gradually, the number of nails hammered to the 
images/000008917.jpg	e butterfly. He got a pair of scissors and 
images/000008918.jpg	re children's first teachers, so family does 
images/000008919.jpg	he body would become lighter and smaller and th
images/000008920.jpg	s expanded or enlarged nor the swollen body reduc
images/000008921.jpg	ad temper and anger were like that! Words
images/000008922.jpg	food. Finally he went to the edge of the fo
images/000008923.jpg	unately, even after continuous attempts for 
images/000008924.jpg	ant as actual medical treatment.In the civ
images/000008925.jpg	quested the countrymen to wear shoes. Fools
images/000008926.jpg	y realized what the sparrow had said was
images/000008927.jpg	uld not find food. Finally he went to the 
images/000008928.jpg	at they were doing. The sparrow laughed. She s
images/000008929.jpg	nto other cultures and keeps our minds open t
images/000008930.jpg	nts even after they get married. So a ho
images/000008931.jpg	od. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tr
images/000008932.jpg	he monkeys were sitting on the same tree.
images/000008933.jpg	 interact with his people and accompany them. 
images/000008934.jpg	 the fence for 30 times on the first day
images/000008935.jpg	nism makes the world a more beautiful place to l
images/000008936.jpg	 show my paper to my parents, they are so hap
images/000008937.jpg	think that maybe the old generation is too con
images/000008938.jpg	 English well. In order to improve the a
images/000008939.jpg	ant role in the maintenance of our society. H
images/000008940.jpg	, with several generations gathering around t
images/000008941.jpg	w why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much fo
images/000008942.jpg	words. He scolded kids, neighbours and even his f
images/000008943.jpg	through the verbal usage. While he forgot 
images/000008944.jpg	hink so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him,
images/000008945.jpg	l importance and pilgrim centres at distant plac
images/000008946.jpg	that was looking for something to eat. He was v
images/000008947.jpg	r. In the event of a life-threatening emergenc
images/000008948.jpg	so by contacting with friends one can get 
images/000008949.jpg	 bad temper made him fall for angry words
images/000008950.jpg	 event of a life-threatening emergency, huma
images/000008951.jpg	nd tolerance, many things may turn out for the 
images/000008952.jpg	 the rapid progressing of the society, compute
images/000008953.jpg	 would be beautiful and large.If we don’t want 
images/000008954.jpg	.He thought that at any time, the butterfly mig
images/000008955.jpg	rked down over and over again so that many peopl
images/000008956.jpg	of reading materials, which can also help
images/000008957.jpg	ity for successful English learning is perseve
images/000008958.jpg	 whether you admit it or not. When it comes to t
images/000008959.jpg	ead English textbooks or jonrnals and attend 
images/000008960.jpg	 nails were your bad temper and they were hamme
images/000008961.jpg	to work. Therefore, I want to help her in the
images/000008962.jpg	his donkey with bags of salt to go to the m
images/000008963.jpg	he monkeys did not listen to the sparrow.
images/000008964.jpg	ls from the fence. However, there remained a few 
images/000008965.jpg	rce market competition, the price has been mar
images/000008966.jpg	 butterflies and had a craze for its wonderf
images/000008967.jpg	intenance of our society. Humanism calls f
images/000008968.jpg	 essential quality for successful English
images/000008969.jpg	an from the ministry came to the king and said t
images/000008970.jpg	 to longer distance. He complained to his minis
images/000008971.jpg	er were like that! Words are more painful than
images/000008972.jpg	examples of human goodness can remind us o
images/000008973.jpg	to the fence was reduced and the day arrived whe
images/000008974.jpg	ually, the number of nails hammered to the fence 
images/000008975.jpg	They continued to blow at our poor firef
images/000008976.jpg	es in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a f
images/000008977.jpg	r parents even after they get married. So
images/000008978.jpg	erment and happiness of the people.His mi
images/000008979.jpg	appy. He jumped into the hole and when he open
images/000008980.jpg	 of humanism is apparent in the story of "The R
images/000008981.jpg	ren’t comfortable and were very stony. He could n
images/000008982.jpg	w. They continued to blow at our poor fi
images/000008983.jpg	rbal usage. While he forgot what he spoke 
images/000008984.jpg	 The fence never look the same! It has scars all
images/000008985.jpg	't be intimidated even though you find othe
images/000008986.jpg	uses on common human needs and seeks rat
images/000008987.jpg	untrymen to wear shoes. FoolsIt was a cold and s
images/000008988.jpg	 even after continuous attempts for seve
images/000008989.jpg	imidated even though you find others speaking 
images/000008990.jpg	 different opinions on the reasons why gene
images/000008991.jpg	lliant, and chronically depressed robot; and V
images/000008992.jpg	. When it comes to the problem of generatio
images/000008993.jpg	 fly with its beautiful wings.He thought t
images/000008994.jpg	 visiting all the human children to have much ti
images/000008995.jpg	 to school. Except for taking care of me,
images/000008996.jpg	veral days that he did not hammer any nail
images/000008997.jpg	at the butterfly was trying to make its way
images/000008998.jpg	ered the donkey’s trick. He then returned h
images/000008999.jpg	re than in other countries' family. In C
images/000009000.jpg	t he visited many pilgrim centres and could see h
images/000009001.jpg	 a few nails. The fence never look the same
images/000009002.jpg	and removed the remaining cocoon. The butterf
images/000009003.jpg	r tried to pick up at a cocktail party once u
images/000009004.jpg	d kids, neighbours and even his friends 
images/000009005.jpg	ould not get out of the hole. Do you know
images/000009006.jpg	e told his father that it was several days
images/000009007.jpg	e the monkeys became very tired. Now they
images/000009008.jpg	u think he will come if I write to him?” Emi
images/000009009.jpg	 package. The hungry fox immediately thought that
images/000009010.jpg	huge bag of nails. He asked his son to hamme
images/000009011.jpg	ough the verbal usage. While he forgot what he 
images/000009012.jpg	at. After the fox had finished eating, he 
images/000009013.jpg	 upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brillia
images/000009014.jpg	s open to better ways of seeing things. Compu
images/000009015.jpg	butterfly would come out of the cocoon. 
images/000009016.jpg	us, the body would become lighter and smalle
images/000009017.jpg	iefs that focuses on common human needs an
images/000009018.jpg	erfly was trying to make its way to enjoy 
images/000009019.jpg	nd his DonkeyShort Stories - A Merchant and 
images/000009020.jpg	of the kingdom were very happy as they had a ve
images/000009021.jpg	as the only son for them. The parents of the
images/000009022.jpg	 for something to eat. He was very hungry. No ma
images/000009023.jpg	donkey with bags of salt to go to the marke
images/000009024.jpg	gh the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even afte
images/000009025.jpg	places of historical importance and pilgrim 
images/000009026.jpg	lthough the man did it with good intention
images/000009027.jpg	very happy. He jumped into the hole and 
images/000009028.jpg	 way to enjoy its world. He decided to sit over
images/000009029.jpg	ts way to enjoy its world. He decided to 
images/000009030.jpg	Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been a
images/000009031.jpg	angry very soon and taunt others with hi
images/000009032.jpg	mes up, indicating computers are playing a more a
images/000009033.jpg	f you should take shelter in a cave”. Th
images/000009034.jpg	 are proud of their harmony and unity. Eac
images/000009035.jpg	hole.”Computers and Modern LifeThe com
images/000009036.jpg	ee-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lu
images/000009037.jpg	world humanism plays an important role in 
images/000009038.jpg	ident of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia 
images/000009039.jpg	nd tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening for 
images/000009040.jpg	ectively more than in other countries' family. I
images/000009041.jpg	s anger and develop kindness. Unfortunately,
images/000009042.jpg	 small and withered wings.The man was happy t
images/000009043.jpg	me, shivering in the cold air.“Santa Claus,” I 
images/000009044.jpg	 package. The hungry fox immediately tho
images/000009045.jpg	tant places were so happy to have a conversation
images/000009046.jpg	nts and toys to human children at Christmas time
images/000009047.jpg	make its way to enjoy its world. He decid
images/000009048.jpg	p his anger and develop kindness. Unfortunately,
images/000009049.jpg	e forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends
images/000009050.jpg	s cocoon would let the fluid stored in the body 
images/000009051.jpg	st of the nails from the fence. However, t
images/000009052.jpg	hhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last fi
images/000009053.jpg	Chinese family are respectively more than in o
images/000009054.jpg	s play an important role in shaping children's c
images/000009055.jpg	oth help children to understand the world a
images/000009056.jpg	ther, you can just have a piece of leather
images/000009057.jpg	 examples of human goodness can remind us 
images/000009058.jpg	hungry fox that was looking for something to eat
images/000009059.jpg	r us to pay closer attention to our fellows. 
images/000009060.jpg	t is, so they are the dearest parts in one's lif
images/000009061.jpg	rious and accepted to do what his father said
images/000009062.jpg	. Don't feel embarrassed when making some embarra
images/000009063.jpg	 very prosperous life with abundance of wealth 
images/000009064.jpg	rked down over and over again so that many
images/000009065.jpg	nlarged nor the swollen body reduced.Unfortu
images/000009066.jpg	 the world as it is, so they are the dearest part
images/000009067.jpg	hat the boy could not pull out.The boy told his 
images/000009068.jpg	y paper to my parents, they are so happy to
images/000009069.jpg	s actions were the example of humanistic b
images/000009070.jpg	e water from a nearby spring. However, no matter 
images/000009071.jpg	to undergo any struggle, we won’t be able to fly!
images/000009072.jpg	dea. Let’s go home now before you catch a c
images/000009073.jpg	ccumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel
images/000009074.jpg	ystem of beliefs that focuses on common human
images/000009075.jpg	ngry fox immediately thought that there might be
images/000009076.jpg	n which he will grow up. Parents are children'
images/000009077.jpg	ame time they must keep in mind that dif
images/000009078.jpg	ppearance of all the ballpoint pens he's boug
images/000009079.jpg	 Christmas time.”“Does he also bring presents to
images/000009080.jpg	t deal. There is a drastic increase of the hou
images/000009081.jpg	 butterflies and had a craze for its wonderful
images/000009082.jpg	its way. On reaching the river he again fe
images/000009083.jpg	mergency, humanism can be as important as actual 
images/000009084.jpg	eep in mind that different things appeal t
images/000009085.jpg	es the butterfly would have emerged like any oth
images/000009086.jpg	Modern LifeThe computer is a wonderful machi
images/000009087.jpg	words. His bad temper made him fall for angry wo
images/000009088.jpg	and the wings, shrink the body and the wi
images/000009089.jpg	ng to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on th
images/000009090.jpg	. So a household consisting of three generatio
images/000009091.jpg	 again fell into the water. But instead of 
images/000009092.jpg	ster. He ordered for a pair of leather shoe
images/000009093.jpg	 was the only son for them. The parents of the l
images/000009094.jpg	eneration gap exists in our daily life, 
images/000009095.jpg	any more struggles. He continued to watch the
images/000009096.jpg	er told, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy 
images/000009097.jpg	s and seeks rational ways of solving human pr
images/000009098.jpg	make another important part in shaping children
images/000009099.jpg	ts should have some ideal qualities to su
images/000009100.jpg	life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost 
images/000009101.jpg	t he did not hammer any nail and he did not l
images/000009102.jpg	to the fence every time he became angry an
images/000009103.jpg	 humanism. The spirit of humanism is appar
images/000009104.jpg	conservative to accept anything new. Their
images/000009105.jpg	ained a few nails that the boy could not 
images/000009106.jpg	opening. Unfortunately, even after continuous at
images/000009107.jpg	lly, the number of nails hammered to the fence
images/000009108.jpg	er to sell them. The merchant and his donkey we
images/000009109.jpg	s from the South and has never seen snow before
images/000009110.jpg	or food. Suddenly he caught sight of a b
images/000009111.jpg	day! Every time he lost his temper, he ran 
images/000009112.jpg	around with withered wings and huge body. 
images/000009113.jpg	lmost all the students need English and they ne
images/000009114.jpg	 I will show my paper to my parents, they 
images/000009115.jpg	h. There are two apparent factors which af
images/000009116.jpg	. It was never able to fly all through its life
images/000009117.jpg	it for different purposes. Some students nee
images/000009118.jpg	ch other's outlooks on the world, the gap
images/000009119.jpg	 his donkey were walking along together. They had
images/000009120.jpg	ery depressed due to his bad temper. The bo
images/000009121.jpg	ion is too conservative to accept anything ne
images/000009122.jpg	sh textbooks or jonrnals and attend English lec
images/000009123.jpg	n’t want to undergo any struggle, we won’t 
images/000009124.jpg	 materials, which can also help accumulate and en
images/000009125.jpg	rrived when no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy d
images/000009126.jpg	laxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zapho
images/000009127.jpg	hould get access to a lot of reading materia
images/000009128.jpg	red wings and huge body. It was never able t
images/000009129.jpg	irsty and decided to leave the trunk and dr
images/000009130.jpg	ot walked far when they reached a river on th
images/000009131.jpg	 a little before jumping into the hole.”Comp
images/000009132.jpg	a word, families offer children warmth, care and
images/000009133.jpg	ll be narrowed down in time. Both sides 
images/000009134.jpg	icipate in all oral activities. The more y
images/000009135.jpg	gan a journey through space aided by a galaxyf
images/000009136.jpg	turned to the palace. He was quite happy
images/000009137.jpg	utterfly would struggle to transform fro
images/000009138.jpg	e wings, shrink the body and the wings could su
images/000009139.jpg	of distant places were so happy to have a
images/000009140.jpg	 life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of 
images/000009141.jpg	y discovered the donkey’s trick. He then
images/000009142.jpg	d not walked far when they reached a river 
images/000009143.jpg	he same cloth. Parents may not be in favor of
images/000009144.jpg	! Words are more painful than physical abuse! U
images/000009145.jpg	ance of our society. Humanism calls for u
images/000009146.jpg	ot a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoo
images/000009147.jpg	e used to spend a lot of time around butterfl
images/000009148.jpg	different generations. Those who grow up in happ
images/000009149.jpg	 was quite eager to watch the butterfly fl
images/000009150.jpg	 package. The hungry fox immediately thought 
images/000009151.jpg	rings presents and toys to human childre
images/000009152.jpg	I write to him?” Emily asked.“I don’t think so,
images/000009153.jpg	ss to a lot of reading materials, which ca
images/000009154.jpg	mb to the stars!Summer holiday is coming.
images/000009155.jpg	e hospitable. The family gathers together to cele
images/000009156.jpg	 it is used a great deal. There is a drastic inc
images/000009157.jpg	stic increase of the hours that people spend
images/000009158.jpg	ape to cover your feet?’The king was very much s
images/000009159.jpg	man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies an
images/000009160.jpg	arrowed down in time. Both sides should tal
images/000009161.jpg	 distance. He complained to his ministers
images/000009162.jpg	ies tend to socialize together, with sever
images/000009163.jpg	hard he tried, the fox could not find food. Fin
images/000009164.jpg	ies. The more you speak, the better your s
images/000009165.jpg	terfly would struggle to transform from an ug
images/000009166.jpg	tion gap, people's ideas are not cut from the
images/000009167.jpg	ound butterflies. He knew how a butterfly would 
images/000009168.jpg	d a very prosperous life with abundance of w
images/000009169.jpg	One of the monkeys said, “I wish we could
images/000009170.jpg	most every field of our life. Meanwhile, tha
images/000009171.jpg	ng very hard for hours to come out through the 
images/000009172.jpg	eal to different generations. Those who grow up
images/000009173.jpg	he king asked - what was his alternative idea. Th
images/000009174.jpg	erfly. He got a pair of scissors and tweaked the
images/000009175.jpg	-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch 
images/000009176.jpg	g decided to go on a travel to visit places
images/000009177.jpg	tes to household duties, including the children
images/000009178.jpg	was reduced and the day arrived when no n
images/000009179.jpg	 country with leather so that people might
images/000009180.jpg	e his temper. The little boy found it hilarious 
images/000009181.jpg	ht that there might be food in it, and he became
images/000009182.jpg	rned home again but re-loaded his donkey with bag
images/000009183.jpg	hey were clinging to its branches. One o
images/000009184.jpg	, “I wish we could find some fire. It will hel
images/000009185.jpg	r daily life, whether you admit it or not
images/000009186.jpg	If we say that families offer the environment
images/000009187.jpg	ew. Their voices are not taken into account. Thes
images/000009188.jpg	he visited many pilgrim centres and could 
images/000009189.jpg	ntity of leather and it would cost a huge am
images/000009190.jpg	s may influence a person's growth. There are two
images/000009191.jpg	You can remove the nails but still see th
images/000009192.jpg	benefits to us. It makes us do things more quick
images/000009193.jpg	 told himself, “I wish that I had thought a littl
images/000009194.jpg	terfly had been struggling very hard for hours t
images/000009195.jpg	 fact, he used to spend a lot of time around b
images/000009196.jpg	once upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, b
images/000009197.jpg	 last fifteen years, has been posing as a
images/000009198.jpg	g was very much surprised by his suggesti
images/000009199.jpg	FoolsIt was a cold and silent night. The we
images/000009200.jpg	 to the fence and hammered a nail. In the next 
images/000009201.jpg	g people either turn a deaf ear to the elde
images/000009202.jpg	forest. He was going to eat it for his lunch.The
images/000009203.jpg	 insights into other cultures and keeps ou
images/000009204.jpg	f a life-threatening emergency, humanism 
images/000009205.jpg	tried to pick up at a cocktail party once 
images/000009206.jpg	el embarrassed when making some embarrassi
images/000009207.jpg	colours. In fact, he used to spend a lot of 
images/000009208.jpg	historical importance and pilgrim centre
images/000009209.jpg	ivering in the cold air.“Santa Claus,” I expl
images/000009210.jpg	her. They had not walked far when they reach
images/000009211.jpg	to cover the road with leather? Rather, you can 
images/000009212.jpg	The boy replied, ‘a hole in the fence!’He told 
images/000009213.jpg	planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a resea
images/000009214.jpg	out 19 hours. The number climbs more tha
images/000009215.jpg	t feel embarrassed when making some embarras
images/000009216.jpg	he sparrow. They continued to blow at our 
images/000009217.jpg	 pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to m
images/000009218.jpg	fter one was born, the first surroundings is
images/000009219.jpg	, he ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In 
images/000009220.jpg	nism makes the world a more beautiful place to l
images/000009221.jpg	d when he opened the package, he saw there we
images/000009222.jpg	ammered to the fence was reduced and the d
images/000009223.jpg	ny opening. It meant that the butterfly was tryi
images/000009224.jpg	gs. Computers largely broaden our vision.Ho
images/000009225.jpg	s were your bad temper and they were hamm
images/000009226.jpg	ruggles the butterfly would have emerged 
images/000009227.jpg	t his father said.The nails drove him to hamm
images/000009228.jpg	ase of the hours that people spend on computers p
images/000009229.jpg	e family are respectively more than in other coun
images/000009230.jpg	n the world is difficult for one who set
images/000009231.jpg	y with leather so that people might feel c
images/000009232.jpg	t. The weather was freezing. A group of monkeys
images/000009233.jpg	tterfly to come out of its cocoon would let
images/000009234.jpg	d in his effort.A sparrow came flying to 
images/000009235.jpg	 father that it was several days that he did n
images/000009236.jpg	t our fellows with respect and tolerance, many 
images/000009237.jpg	of nails. He asked his son to hammer one nail 
images/000009238.jpg	t his father said.The nails drove him t
images/000009239.jpg	erent purposes. Some students need it to rea
images/000009240.jpg	 not taken into account. These different id
images/000009241.jpg	Every time he lost his temper, he ran to t
images/000009242.jpg	more painful than physical abuse! Use word
images/000009243.jpg	 and decided to leave the trunk and drink s
images/000009244.jpg	sed with the disappearance of all the ballpo
images/000009245.jpg	at the butterfly tried its best and could not gi
images/000009246.jpg	soldier extended a helping hand to the old man i
images/000009247.jpg	f historical importance and pilgrim centres a
images/000009248.jpg	out Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” s
images/000009249.jpg	 on common human needs and seeks rational ways of
images/000009250.jpg	Unfortunately, even after continuous attempt
images/000009251.jpg	fireflies. One of the young monkeys thought it 
images/000009252.jpg	ed a flock of fireflies. One of the young monkeys
images/000009253.jpg	ller and the wings would be beautiful and large
images/000009254.jpg	 any time, the butterfly might expand the 
images/000009255.jpg	 They were clinging to its branches. One of the 
images/000009256.jpg	r said.The nails drove him to hammer in the 
images/000009257.jpg	quickly. Further more, it gives us insig
images/000009258.jpg	r Holiday?When I do well in the exam, I will 
images/000009259.jpg	for good. Use them to embrace the relationships. 
images/000009260.jpg	d talk over their problems with each other act
images/000009261.jpg	aw a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had a cr
images/000009262.jpg	 for solving the problem. As long as bot
images/000009263.jpg	y things may turn out for the better. Humanism ma
images/000009264.jpg	ommon human needs and seeks rational ways 
images/000009265.jpg	ed out Emily also didn’t know much about Ch
images/000009266.jpg	They both help children to understand th
images/000009267.jpg	a merchant loaded his donkey with bags of 
images/000009268.jpg	 and the society, so by contacting with frie
images/000009269.jpg	make way for a galactic freeway, Arthur 
images/000009270.jpg	d. The young man's actions were the example of 
images/000009271.jpg	chers, so family does play an important role in 
images/000009272.jpg	he butterfly come out of the cocoon with
images/000009273.jpg	hey just want me to be happy. I know I should r
images/000009274.jpg	returned to the palace. He was quite happy that h
images/000009275.jpg	fteen years, has been posing as an out-of-work
images/000009276.jpg	t the bags of salt loaded on his back beca
images/000009277.jpg	nality. Friends are the connections between chi
images/000009278.jpg	10 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly
images/000009279.jpg	ism is a system of beliefs that focuses on co
images/000009280.jpg	h their king and they were proud that their kin
images/000009281.jpg	its branches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish w
images/000009282.jpg	othing in the world is difficult for one who sets
images/000009283.jpg	, even after continuous attempts for several h
images/000009284.jpg	he life of thousands of cows to get the suffici
images/000009285.jpg	involves several reasons. With the rapid progre
images/000009286.jpg	English and they need it for different purp
images/000009287.jpg	work. Therefore, I want to help her in the ho
images/000009288.jpg	 the lines of communications with them ope
images/000009289.jpg	vised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide 
images/000009290.jpg	 became angry and to lose his temper. The
images/000009291.jpg	hree-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lu
images/000009292.jpg	mmitment and discipline to learn English well. In
images/000009293.jpg	 do many things that I want to do. For exa
images/000009294.jpg	 had eaten so much food that he became too b
images/000009295.jpg	rger opening for the butterfly and removed the 
images/000009296.jpg	k the shell for several hours. He spent almost mo
images/000009297.jpg	ou do on Summer Holiday?When I do well in th
images/000009298.jpg	shrink the body and the wings could support
images/000009299.jpg	in the forest. He was going to eat it for hi
images/000009300.jpg	een around this part of the forest for many years
images/000009301.jpg	fly and he was quite eager to watch the but
images/000009302.jpg	e has been marked down over and over again so 
images/000009303.jpg	sehold duties, including the children. Ch
images/000009304.jpg	 They continued to blow at our poor fire
images/000009305.jpg	searched there for food. Suddenly he caught si
images/000009306.jpg	e human children to have much time left 
images/000009307.jpg	o get angry very soon and taunt others with his 
images/000009308.jpg	as a package. The hungry fox immediately t
images/000009309.jpg	nlarged nor the swollen body reduced.Unfortun
images/000009310.jpg	ill jion a soccer club,because I like playing soc
images/000009311.jpg	n English well. In order to improve the ab
images/000009312.jpg	he sparrow continued: “I think all of you should
images/000009313.jpg	ded a helping hand to the old man in time of
images/000009314.jpg	ess. Unfortunately, all their attempts failed.
images/000009315.jpg	 again so that many people can afford their ow
images/000009316.jpg	es the world a more beautiful place to live in.
images/000009317.jpg	 of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the de
images/000009318.jpg	 them. Most of the things that young generation
images/000009319.jpg	 a very prosperous life with abundance of wea
images/000009320.jpg	to use it to talk to English-speakers, attend se
images/000009321.jpg	d to pick up at a cocktail party once upo
images/000009322.jpg	lied in almost every field of our life. Meanw
images/000009323.jpg	ven though you find others speaking Englis
images/000009324.jpg	at the bags of salt loaded on his back bec
images/000009325.jpg	e fence was reduced to half. The little boy fo
images/000009326.jpg	ad temper and anger were like that! Words are 
images/000009327.jpg	y thought that there might be food in it, and he 
images/000009328.jpg	e butterfly and removed the remaining cocoon. 
images/000009329.jpg	an be as important as actual medical treatme
images/000009330.jpg	llow people leading a propitious life. However, h
images/000009331.jpg	 due to his bad temper. The boy used to g
images/000009332.jpg	at he did not hammer any nail and he did not lose
images/000009333.jpg	xcept return home where he loaded his donkey with
images/000009334.jpg	liberately, the donkey fell into the river and 
images/000009335.jpg	ween children and the society, so by contacting w
images/000009336.jpg	rogressing of the society, computers are n
images/000009337.jpg	 I will help my mother do some housework. 
images/000009338.jpg	the butterfly and he was quite eager to watch t
images/000009339.jpg	ll of you should take shelter in a cave”. T
images/000009340.jpg	ould support the body.  Unfortunately, neit
images/000009341.jpg	dren to understand the world as it is, so th
images/000009342.jpg	 brought a lot of benefits to us. It makes us
images/000009343.jpg	morning, a merchant loaded his donkey with bags 
images/000009344.jpg	at a cocktail party once upon a time zone; M
images/000009345.jpg	rself and not The WorldLong ago, people 
images/000009346.jpg	oices are not taken into account. These dif
images/000009347.jpg	e me do well in the exam. I want to be hap
images/000009348.jpg	other and father consoled him in many ways t
images/000009349.jpg	ilgrim centres at distant places. He decided
images/000009350.jpg	heir problems with each other actively, 
images/000009351.jpg	r own personal computers.The computer has brou
images/000009352.jpg	ing the children. Chinese families tend to social
images/000009353.jpg	e and were very stony. He could not tolerate the 
images/000009354.jpg	xpand the wings, shrink the body and the
images/000009355.jpg	connections between children and the society
images/000009356.jpg	stand the world as it is, so they are the deares
images/000009357.jpg	s that demonstrate humanism. The spirit of hu
images/000009358.jpg	g worm! Here is the story of a butterfly th
images/000009359.jpg	 the road of the whole country with leather so
images/000009360.jpg	ssed due to his bad temper. The boy used 
images/000009361.jpg	busy building a snowman when Fritz appeare
images/000009362.jpg	ght over the years.Where are these pens? W
images/000009363.jpg	wise man from the ministry came to the king a
images/000009364.jpg	udent obsessed with the disappearance of
images/000009365.jpg	y, the donkey fell into the river and wasted a
images/000009366.jpg	w deliberately, the donkey fell into the river 
images/000009367.jpg	fort.A sparrow came flying to its nest. The mo
images/000009368.jpg	hungry fox immediately thought that there might
images/000009369.jpg	 whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail par
images/000009370.jpg	d cost a huge amount of money also.A wise man fr
images/000009371.jpg	an get into the society and become socia
images/000009372.jpg	the river and wasted all the bags of salt on i
images/000009373.jpg	omenon? As far as I know, it involves se
images/000009374.jpg	ery much.I want to stay with her for several da
images/000009375.jpg	y discovered the donkey’s trick. He then retu
images/000009376.jpg	eird clothes. Young people either turn a 
images/000009377.jpg	t.The boy told his father about the same. 
images/000009378.jpg	in the holidays.What will you do on Summer 
images/000009379.jpg	re more painful than physical abuse! Use word
images/000009380.jpg	tters, etc.Students should have some ideal qu
images/000009381.jpg	between children and the society, so by conta
images/000009382.jpg	e elders' experience-based advice or set thems
images/000009383.jpg	l importance and pilgrim centres at dist
images/000009384.jpg	 all worries for his parents through the
images/000009385.jpg	 parents of the little boy were very depre
images/000009386.jpg	ny opening. Unfortunately, even after cont
images/000009387.jpg	ir of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to
images/000009388.jpg	lours. In fact, he used to spend a lot of time a
images/000009389.jpg	ocoon would let the fluid stored in the b
images/000009390.jpg	 with bags of sponges.The foolish, tric
images/000009391.jpg	is bad temper made him fall for angry word
images/000009392.jpg	 branches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish
images/000009393.jpg	itting on the same tree. She noticed what they 
images/000009394.jpg	iends make another important part in shaping
images/000009395.jpg	hammer one nail to the fence every time he be
images/000009396.jpg	ip. Don't be intimidated even though you f
images/000009397.jpg	ng the merchant could do, except return home 
images/000009398.jpg	a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically dep
images/000009399.jpg	for different purposes. Some students need it t
images/000009400.jpg	oon and the ButterflyMany of us know that a bea
images/000009401.jpg	, he could not get out of the hole. Do you
images/000009402.jpg	s it was his first trip by foot to longer distanc
images/000009403.jpg	een struggling very hard for hours to come o
images/000009404.jpg	 Generation GapGeneration gap exists in our d
images/000009405.jpg	uld become lighter and smaller and the win
images/000009406.jpg	ve a piece of leather cut in appropriate
images/000009407.jpg	 But instead of the load becoming lighter, it bec
images/000009408.jpg	d more important role in modern life.Wha
images/000009409.jpg	e quickly. Further more, it gives us insights 
images/000009410.jpg	e,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know much about o
images/000009411.jpg	 were so happy to have a conversation with thei
images/000009412.jpg	they get married. So a household consisting 
images/000009413.jpg	ls for us to pay closer attention to our 
images/000009414.jpg	seemed that the butterfly tried its best and 
images/000009415.jpg	od's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick
images/000009416.jpg	e to improve my skills.Second I will go to my gra
images/000009417.jpg	appreciated him and asked him pointing to the
images/000009418.jpg	now much about our winters.”It turned out 
images/000009419.jpg	elf and be happy.A Hole in the FenceIn a
images/000009420.jpg	hy are we born? Why do we die? For all the answer
images/000009421.jpg	merchant could do, except return home where h
images/000009422.jpg	ded, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-
images/000009423.jpg	 lived with his father and mother. He was the onl
images/000009424.jpg	eration gap, people's ideas are not cut from th
images/000009425.jpg	 time he lost his temper, he ran to the 
images/000009426.jpg	re not cut from the same cloth. Parents may not 
images/000009427.jpg	ke playing soccer.During the summer holiday
images/000009428.jpg	in in his feet as it was his first trip by 
images/000009429.jpg	ught a little before jumping into the hole.”
images/000009430.jpg	e very tired. Now they realized what the spar
images/000009431.jpg	g of nails. He asked his son to hammer one nail 
images/000009432.jpg	o well in the exam, I will show my paper to 
images/000009433.jpg	he same! It has scars all over! You can stab
images/000009434.jpg	mplained to his ministers that the roads weren’
images/000009435.jpg	gether, this dynamic pair began a journey throu
images/000009436.jpg	ve.The Hungry Fox who got Caught in the Tre
images/000009437.jpg	ought a lot of benefits to us. It makes us
images/000009438.jpg	 would have emerged like any other beautiful 
images/000009439.jpg	e than ten times up, indicating computers are pl
images/000009440.jpg	searcher for the revised edition of The Hi
images/000009441.jpg	fortunately, neither the wings expanded o
images/000009442.jpg	n for them. The parents of the little boy were 
images/000009443.jpg	tment and discipline to learn English well. In o
images/000009444.jpg	for the better. Humanism makes the world a more b
images/000009445.jpg	boy did not lose his temper. He told his fath
images/000009446.jpg	he man, who had a passion and love for b
images/000009447.jpg	xamples that demonstrate humanism. The spirit o
images/000009448.jpg	the decline of cost and the fierce market compe
images/000009449.jpg	dition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy wh
images/000009450.jpg	-speakers, attend seminars, write letters, et
images/000009451.jpg	dren live with their parents even after they g
images/000009452.jpg	ng soccer.During the summer holiday, I want t
images/000009453.jpg	thought that there might be food in it, and h
images/000009454.jpg	ust crawled around with withered wings and hug
images/000009455.jpg	ually, the number of nails hammered to the f
images/000009456.jpg	he wings would be beautiful and large.If we don
images/000009457.jpg	ere your bad temper and they were hammered 
images/000009458.jpg	 they just want me to be happy. I know I should 
images/000009459.jpg	 drop in on friends and relatives without previou
images/000009460.jpg	 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly. The
images/000009461.jpg	hildren,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about
images/000009462.jpg	ident of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tri
images/000009463.jpg	t; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate student
images/000009464.jpg	ther you admit it or not. When it comes to the pr
images/000009465.jpg	e butterfly come out of the cocoon without any mo
images/000009466.jpg	n so much food that he became too big to fit
images/000009467.jpg	ter one was born, the first surroundings is the
images/000009468.jpg	s son to hammer one nail to the fence every
images/000009469.jpg	 ministers were stunned to hear his orde
images/000009470.jpg	y. I know I should relax myself and be happy.
images/000009471.jpg	n English will be. Nothing in the world is
images/000009472.jpg	r, there remained a few nails that the boy 
images/000009473.jpg	onkeys did not listen to the sparrow. They c
images/000009474.jpg	der to sell them. The merchant and his donkey 
images/000009475.jpg	 strength and courage. They both help children t
images/000009476.jpg	ly, welcoming, and generous to visitors wh
images/000009477.jpg	axy who, for the last fifteen years, has been pos
images/000009478.jpg	s, the fox had eaten so much food that he be
images/000009479.jpg	her told him to remove the nails every day a
images/000009480.jpg	s quite eager to watch the butterfly fly with
images/000009481.jpg	e TrunkOnce upon a time, there was a hungry
images/000009482.jpg	lies and had a craze for its wonderful combinat
images/000009483.jpg	veral reasons. With the rapid progressing
images/000009484.jpg	o come out of its cocoon would let the flui
images/000009485.jpg	The household is always friendly, welcom
images/000009486.jpg	ccessful English learning is perseverance
images/000009487.jpg	the day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet
images/000009488.jpg	t to hammer the nails and decided to control
images/000009489.jpg	ractice more to improve my skills.Second I 
images/000009490.jpg	told himself, “I wish that I had thought a little
images/000009491.jpg	 its nest. The monkeys were sitting on the
images/000009492.jpg	 have some ideal qualities to succeed in Engli
images/000009493.jpg	g English better than you. Participate in all
images/000009494.jpg	rent purposes. Some students need it to r
images/000009495.jpg	 to the edge of the forest and searched t
images/000009496.jpg	ad to change this for the betterment and ha
images/000009497.jpg	d pilgrim centres at distant places. He decided t
images/000009498.jpg	d become lighter and smaller and the wings 
images/000009499.jpg	English well. In order to improve the ability o
images/000009500.jpg	bank, now deliberately, the donkey fell i
images/000009501.jpg	er's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last
images/000009502.jpg	, they should learn to understand their children
images/000009503.jpg	 English and they need it for different purposes.
images/000009504.jpg	and could see his fellow people leading a
images/000009505.jpg	ls for us to pay closer attention to our fello
images/000009506.jpg	eren’t comfortable and were very stony. He could
images/000009507.jpg	market in order to sell them. The merchant an
images/000009508.jpg	”“Does he also bring presents to animal
images/000009509.jpg	did not listen to the sparrow. They continu
images/000009510.jpg	eople. You can remove the nails but stil
images/000009511.jpg	 didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who is Sant
images/000009512.jpg	ather, you can just have a piece of leather cut i
images/000009513.jpg	distance. He complained to his ministers that the
images/000009514.jpg	ou find others speaking English better than y
images/000009515.jpg	pt return home where he loaded his donkey 
images/000009516.jpg	used to walk along those roads as it would be p
images/000009517.jpg	ours and even his friends due to anger. He invit
images/000009518.jpg	fox immediately thought that there might be food 
images/000009519.jpg	neighbours and even his friends due to an
images/000009520.jpg	e of cost and the fierce market competit
images/000009521.jpg	as really tired when I was go to school. Exce
images/000009522.jpg	 then returned home again but re-loaded his
images/000009523.jpg	he king decided to go on a travel to visit
images/000009524.jpg	 different ideas disturb both of them. Most o
images/000009525.jpg	 was a hungry fox that was looking for some
images/000009526.jpg	ll over! You can stab a man with a knife, b
images/000009527.jpg	all the answers, stick your thumb to the stars
images/000009528.jpg	rever. Your bad temper and anger were like t
images/000009529.jpg	man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had a 
images/000009530.jpg	 humanism is apparent in the story of "The 
images/000009531.jpg	e planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher
images/000009532.jpg	, the body would become lighter and smaller a
images/000009533.jpg	 one can get into the society and become socia
images/000009534.jpg	nails from the fence. However, there rema
images/000009535.jpg	tend to have many pleasant characters. If we
images/000009536.jpg	ic increase of the hours that people spen
images/000009537.jpg	ing, and generous to visitors who can drop in on
images/000009538.jpg	nd courage. They both help children to understan
images/000009539.jpg	 around the television in the evening.Th
images/000009540.jpg	d his DonkeyShort Stories - A Merchant a
images/000009541.jpg	ids, neighbours and even his friends due 
images/000009542.jpg	st I will jion a soccer club,because I like play
images/000009543.jpg	h bags of salt to go to the market in or
images/000009544.jpg	ler and the wings would be beautiful and 
images/000009545.jpg	ather shoes for him and requested the countrym
images/000009546.jpg	nteract with his people and accompany them. 
images/000009547.jpg	riends make another important part in shapi
images/000009548.jpg	 a Successful English LearnerAlmost all the
images/000009549.jpg	e nails drove him to hammer in the fence for
images/000009550.jpg	n I do well in the exam, I will show my paper to
images/000009551.jpg	cond I will go to my grandma's house,because I mi
images/000009552.jpg	children?” Emily asked.Short Stories - Ch
images/000009553.jpg	old us. “She doesn’t know much about our winte
images/000009554.jpg	ernative idea. The minister told, ‘Why do 
images/000009555.jpg	le, immediately.The king thought that h
images/000009556.jpg	dge of the forest and searched there for food. Su
images/000009557.jpg	 his mind on it.Views on Generation Gap
images/000009558.jpg	s ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Par
images/000009559.jpg	s quite happy that he visited many pilgrim ce
images/000009560.jpg	s should talk over their problems with each
images/000009561.jpg	world. He decided to sit over and watch how t
images/000009562.jpg	; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chron
images/000009563.jpg	r own personal computers.The computer h
images/000009564.jpg	ey through space aided by a galaxyful of fellow
images/000009565.jpg	Yet, the boy did not lose his temper. He 
images/000009566.jpg	 and generous to visitors who can drop in
images/000009567.jpg	oy used to get angry very soon and taunt o
images/000009568.jpg	a hole in the fence!’He told the boy, “The nai
images/000009569.jpg	 myself. One day, my parents tell me that they
images/000009570.jpg	eal qualities to succeed in English learning
images/000009571.jpg	were walking along together. They had not walke
images/000009572.jpg	and toys to human children at Christmas time
images/000009573.jpg	ain there forever. Your bad temper and anger wer
images/000009574.jpg	en he opened the package, he saw there were a l
images/000009575.jpg	the body would become lighter and smalle
images/000009576.jpg	ents may not be in favor of their children's hair
images/000009577.jpg	d their children and keep the lines of communica
images/000009578.jpg	lish lectures, while some students need to use i
images/000009579.jpg	what was his alternative idea. The minist
images/000009580.jpg	h you find others speaking English better than yo
images/000009581.jpg	to his ministers that the roads weren’t comfort
images/000009582.jpg	t places were so happy to have a conversati
images/000009583.jpg	lidays.What will you do on Summer Holiday
images/000009584.jpg	, bread, meat and fruit in it!An old woodcut
images/000009585.jpg	eople and accompany them. People of distant
images/000009586.jpg	terfly to come out of its cocoon would let t
images/000009587.jpg	d. Finally, the boy’s father came up with an ide
images/000009588.jpg	ers have been proud of.People have different o
images/000009589.jpg	day, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterf
images/000009590.jpg	he disappearance of all the ballpoint pens h
images/000009591.jpg	 and attend English lectures, while some stu
images/000009592.jpg	r how hard he tried, he could not get out o
images/000009593.jpg	he monkeys said, “I wish we could find some fir
images/000009594.jpg	 it.Some other monkeys also joined in his eff
images/000009595.jpg	a lot of time around butterflies. He knew how 
images/000009596.jpg	e.  The father appreciated him and asked
images/000009597.jpg	y of us know that a beautiful and colourful bu
images/000009598.jpg	llow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the tw
images/000009599.jpg	 again.The merchant quickly discovered t
images/000009600.jpg	y that families offer the environment of livin
images/000009601.jpg	d not get out of the hole. Do you know w
images/000009602.jpg	le who used to walk along those roads as it wo
images/000009603.jpg	jagig, a former graduate student obsessed wi
images/000009604.jpg	ough the man did it with good intention, only go
images/000009605.jpg	rtance of HumanismHumanism is a system of bel
images/000009606.jpg	red to the fence was reduced and the day arrived
images/000009607.jpg	o to the market in order to sell them. Th
images/000009608.jpg	s apparent in the story of "The Right Son a
images/000009609.jpg	has brought a lot of benefits to us. It makes u
images/000009610.jpg	he problem. As long as both sides keep their m
images/000009611.jpg	 qualities to succeed in English learning. It
images/000009612.jpg	wo-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and tot
images/000009613.jpg	m of beliefs that focuses on common human needs 
images/000009614.jpg	an with a knife, but the wound will remain t
images/000009615.jpg	e him fall for angry words. He scolded k
images/000009616.jpg	e dearest parts in one's life.Family Li
images/000009617.jpg	y was able to pull out most of the nails from
images/000009618.jpg	ours avoided him.His mother and father cons
images/000009619.jpg	ht be food in it, and he became very happy. He ju
images/000009620.jpg	ful spring morning, a merchant loaded his donkey 
images/000009621.jpg	tivities. The more you speak, the better yo
images/000009622.jpg	red wings and huge body. It was never abl
images/000009623.jpg	ork actor.Together, this dynamic pair began a 
images/000009624.jpg	ly tried its best and could not give any mor
images/000009625.jpg	nd with withered wings and huge body. It was neve
images/000009626.jpg	to undergo any struggle, we won’t be able to f
images/000009627.jpg	 for angry words. He scolded kids, neighb
images/000009628.jpg	hat was his alternative idea. The minister tol
images/000009629.jpg	three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lun
images/000009630.jpg	mber of nails hammered on the fence was reduced 
images/000009631.jpg	 a word, families offer children warmth, care
images/000009632.jpg	The number climbs more than ten times up, ind
images/000009633.jpg	ul of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the
images/000009634.jpg	ive idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you want
images/000009635.jpg	d he tried, the fox could not find food. Finally 
images/000009636.jpg	rength and courage. They both help children to
images/000009637.jpg	the day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet
images/000009638.jpg	nge this for the betterment and happiness of t
images/000009639.jpg	 and anger were like that! Words are more painfu
images/000009640.jpg	my parents tell me that they don’t care how I 
images/000009641.jpg	ish we could find some fire. It will help us t
images/000009642.jpg	day is coming.I am going to do many things 
images/000009643.jpg	ter how hard he tried, the fox could not
images/000009644.jpg	er told him to remove the nails every day 
images/000009645.jpg	 with withered wings and huge body. It was neve
images/000009646.jpg	Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spr
images/000009647.jpg	ant places. He decided to travel by foot to inter
images/000009648.jpg	es play an important role in shaping chi
images/000009649.jpg	iday, I want to practice more to improve my ski
images/000009650.jpg	the wings expanded or enlarged nor the sw
images/000009651.jpg	eir children's hairstyle and weird clothes. You
images/000009652.jpg	he wings would be beautiful and large.If
images/000009653.jpg	orm! Here is the story of a butterfly that wa
images/000009654.jpg	, the donkey slipped and fell into the river and
images/000009655.jpg	e happily lived under the rule of a king.
images/000009656.jpg	that I want to do. For exampie,first I w
images/000009657.jpg	of the hours that people spend on computers pe
images/000009658.jpg	e in anger, his friends and neighbours avoided
images/000009659.jpg	e families are proud of their harmony and uni
images/000009660.jpg	rs to about 19 hours. The number climbs mor
images/000009661.jpg	f solving human problems.There are many exam
images/000009662.jpg	e butterfly tried its best and could not gi
images/000009663.jpg	ere hammered on people. You can remove t
images/000009664.jpg	mth, care and shelter, while friends give them
images/000009665.jpg	t find food. Finally he went to the edge of the 
images/000009666.jpg	to live in.
images/000009667.jpg	eys said, “I wish we could find some fire. 
images/000009668.jpg	sters were stunned to hear his order as it woul
images/000009669.jpg	he sparrow. They continued to blow at our poor fi
images/000009670.jpg	y. He jumped into the hole and when he opened th
images/000009671.jpg	lmost all the students need English and 
images/000009672.jpg	the exam, I will show my paper to my parents, th
images/000009673.jpg	their children and keep the lines of communicatio
images/000009674.jpg	dent obsessed with the disappearance of 
images/000009675.jpg	 She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a fire
images/000009676.jpg	 just want me to be happy. I know I should r
images/000009677.jpg	nfortunately, even after continuous attempts f
images/000009678.jpg	ortunately, the butterfly just crawled around w
images/000009679.jpg	 ministry came to the king and said that he had
images/000009680.jpg	 It will help us to keep warm”.Suddenly they no
images/000009681.jpg	idn’t know much about Christmas.”Who is S
images/000009682.jpg	spectively more than in other countries'
images/000009683.jpg	lping hand to the old man in time of need.
images/000009684.jpg	and be happy.A Hole in the FenceIn a small v
images/000009685.jpg	udents need to use it to talk to English-speak
images/000009686.jpg	remove the nails every day as he had contr
images/000009687.jpg	the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMi
images/000009688.jpg	 made him fall for angry words. He scolded
images/000009689.jpg	to make its way to enjoy its world. He decide
images/000009690.jpg	nd he became very happy. He jumped into th
images/000009691.jpg	to household duties, including the children. Chin
images/000009692.jpg	.One day, his father gave him a huge bag o
images/000009693.jpg	 same.  The father appreciated him and aske
images/000009694.jpg	freezing. A group of monkeys were on a tree. 
images/000009695.jpg	mself, “I wish that I had thought a little 
images/000009696.jpg	 examples that demonstrate humanism. The spirit 
images/000009697.jpg	abulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making some 
images/000009698.jpg	Once upon a time, there was a hungry fox that wa
images/000009699.jpg	t in it!An old woodcutter had placed the food
images/000009700.jpg	“Neither have I,” Harry added, shaking his head.
images/000009701.jpg	trate humanism. The spirit of humanism i
images/000009702.jpg	alking along together. They had not walked far wh
images/000009703.jpg	 by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod B
images/000009704.jpg	 improve my skills.Second I will go to my
images/000009705.jpg	a more and more important role in modern li
images/000009706.jpg	s. I guess he is too busy visiting all the hu
images/000009707.jpg	essful English learning is perseverance in
images/000009708.jpg	 Right Time". The soldier extended a helping ha
images/000009709.jpg	fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-head
images/000009710.jpg	ng materials, which can also help accumu
images/000009711.jpg	 climbs more than ten times up, indicating
images/000009712.jpg	e children's first teachers, so family does pl
images/000009713.jpg	ter how hard he tried, he could not get o
images/000009714.jpg	e playing a more and more important role in mode
images/000009715.jpg	e ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In t
images/000009716.jpg	and to the old man in time of need. The you
images/000009717.jpg	t to hammer the nails and decided to contro
images/000009718.jpg	ox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hipp
images/000009719.jpg	person's growth. One is family, and the ot
images/000009720.jpg	? Rather, you can just have a piece of le
images/000009721.jpg	 father about the same.  The father appr
images/000009722.jpg	e continuous effort from the butterfly to co
images/000009723.jpg	xy who, for the last fifteen years, has been posi
images/000009724.jpg	 the meaning of humanism. If we treat our fellows
images/000009725.jpg	s an important role in the maintenance of
images/000009726.jpg	 and the butterfly. The butterfly had been s
images/000009727.jpg	re quickly. Further more, it gives us insig
images/000009728.jpg	 man, who had a passion and love for butte
images/000009729.jpg	n, the price has been marked down over and
images/000009730.jpg	 between children and the society, so by contact
images/000009731.jpg	 She noticed what they were doing. The sparro
images/000009732.jpg	terfly that was never able to live a life like a
images/000009733.jpg	ckly discovered the donkey’s trick. He then retur
images/000009734.jpg	f beliefs that focuses on common human nee
images/000009735.jpg	t for different purposes. Some students need it t
images/000009736.jpg	 Earth is demolished to make way for a g
images/000009737.jpg	Where are these pens? Why are we born? Wh
images/000009738.jpg	 mother. He was the only son for them. T
images/000009739.jpg	appily lived under the rule of a king. The 
images/000009740.jpg	' experience-based advice or set themselves aga
images/000009741.jpg	s trying to make its way to enjoy its wo
images/000009742.jpg	ew how a butterfly would struggle to trans
images/000009743.jpg	Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy buil
images/000009744.jpg	wo days before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Mont
images/000009745.jpg	onkey again set on its way. On reaching 
images/000009746.jpg	 I like playing soccer.During the summer holida
images/000009747.jpg	“he hasn’t been around this part of the 
images/000009748.jpg	to a lot of reading materials, which can
images/000009749.jpg	he ballpoint pens he's bought over the y
images/000009750.jpg	ummer holiday is coming.I am going to do 
images/000009751.jpg	utiful spring morning, a merchant loaded h
images/000009752.jpg	 the price has been marked down over and over ag
images/000009753.jpg	 his words. His bad temper made him fall for a
images/000009754.jpg	d to the fence was reduced and the day arr
images/000009755.jpg	n to eat. After the fox had finished eat
images/000009756.jpg	ng materials, which can also help accumulate and 
images/000009757.jpg	mily does play an important role in shaping ch
images/000009758.jpg	s temper, he ran to the fence and hammered a
images/000009759.jpg	th his father and mother. He was the only son for
images/000009760.jpg	nd asked him pointing to the hole, ‘What d
images/000009761.jpg	d with his little niece Emily and introduce
images/000009762.jpg	 Finally, the boy’s father came up with an id
images/000009763.jpg	the butterfly and he was quite eager to watch th
images/000009764.jpg	ant characters. If we say that families offer th
images/000009765.jpg	liefs that focuses on common human needs an
images/000009766.jpg	into the river and wasted all the bags of sa
images/000009767.jpg	ntention, only going through the struggle
images/000009768.jpg	 voices are not taken into account. These 
images/000009769.jpg	ave a conversation with their king and they w
images/000009770.jpg	nd entertain friends. The household is always
images/000009771.jpg	owing at it.Some other monkeys also joined in h
images/000009772.jpg	ut the same.  The father appreciated him
images/000009773.jpg	hy do you want to kill the holy animal c
images/000009774.jpg	's first teachers, so family does play an i
images/000009775.jpg	s actions were the example of humanistic behavi
images/000009776.jpg	s brought a lot of benefits to us. It make
images/000009777.jpg	er have I,” Harry added, shaking his hea
images/000009778.jpg	donkey with bags of salt to go to the mar
images/000009779.jpg	 Chinese family are respectively more than in o
images/000009780.jpg	e jumped into the hole and when he opened 
images/000009781.jpg	 learn to understand their children and keep the 
images/000009782.jpg	ing to eat. He was very hungry. No matter ho
images/000009783.jpg	n almost every field of our life. Meanwh
images/000009784.jpg	ng in the world is difficult for one who sets 
images/000009785.jpg	 why generation gap comes into being. Some t
images/000009786.jpg	wollen body reduced.Unfortunately, the but
images/000009787.jpg	een posing as an out-of-work actor.Together,
images/000009788.jpg	y and become sociable.In a word, families
images/000009789.jpg	bags of salt. As they reached the slippery rive
images/000009790.jpg	hronically depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, 
images/000009791.jpg	them. Most of the things that young gener
images/000009792.jpg	re hammered on people. You can remove the 
images/000009793.jpg	rough the hole.The fox was very sad and upse
images/000009794.jpg	 lines of communications with them open,
images/000009795.jpg	rick. He then returned home again but re-loade
images/000009796.jpg	. Most of the things that young generation i
images/000009797.jpg	here might be food in it, and he became very
images/000009798.jpg	 is perseverance in face of hardship. Don't 
images/000009799.jpg	t has led to this phenomenon? As far as I 
images/000009800.jpg	ly would have emerged like any other beau
images/000009801.jpg	nts of the little boy were very depressed due
images/000009802.jpg	ories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beaut
images/000009803.jpg	 or set themselves against what the elders hav
images/000009804.jpg	 jumped into the hole and when he opened the pa
images/000009805.jpg	Together, this dynamic pair began a journ
images/000009806.jpg	n it, and he became very happy. He jumped into th
images/000009807.jpg	t opinions on the reasons why generation gap 
images/000009808.jpg	er the wings expanded or enlarged nor the swo
images/000009809.jpg	e scolded kids, neighbours and even his frie
images/000009810.jpg	 much pressure on myself. One day, my parents t
images/000009811.jpg	lso help accumulate and enlarge your voc
images/000009812.jpg	 With the rapid progressing of the society, comp
images/000009813.jpg	happy. I know I should relax myself and be
images/000009814.jpg	n ChinaThe members in a Chinese family are re
images/000009815.jpg	my grandma's house,because I miss her very much.
images/000009816.jpg	ire”.The sparrow continued: “I think all of y
images/000009817.jpg	ody convert into wings. Thus, the body would
images/000009818.jpg	se families are proud of their harmony and un
images/000009819.jpg	aten so much food that he became too big 
images/000009820.jpg	a huge bag of nails. He asked his son to hammer o
images/000009821.jpg	 and be happy.A Hole in the FenceIn a 
images/000009822.jpg	. He asked his son to hammer one nail to the fen
images/000009823.jpg	t; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate s
images/000009824.jpg	not pull out a few nails. The fence never look 
images/000009825.jpg	d his father that it was several days that he did
images/000009826.jpg	erful combination of colours. In fact, h
images/000009827.jpg	ken into account. These different ideas distu
images/000009828.jpg	y realized what the sparrow had said was correct
images/000009829.jpg	rcher for the revised edition of The Hitch
images/000009830.jpg	rnals and attend English lectures, while some 
images/000009831.jpg	stmas SurpriseIt was two days before Chris
images/000009832.jpg	ens? Why are we born? Why do we die? For all the
images/000009833.jpg	ugh the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even a
images/000009834.jpg	so happy to see me do well in the exam. 
images/000009835.jpg	is alternative idea. The minister told, 
images/000009836.jpg	in his feet as it was his first trip by foot t
images/000009837.jpg	ccer club,because I like playing soccer.Durin
images/000009838.jpg	s are more painful than physical abuse! Use wo
images/000009839.jpg	n was happy that he made the butterfly come o
images/000009840.jpg	ny opening. It meant that the butterfly was tryi
images/000009841.jpg	 his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a merch
images/000009842.jpg	In the civilized world humanism plays an im
images/000009843.jpg	 very much.I want to stay with her for several
images/000009844.jpg	30 times on the first day! Every time he l
images/000009845.jpg	t to be happy all the time. But I have put so
images/000009846.jpg	 in the tree trunk while he cut down trees 
images/000009847.jpg	The fence never look the same! It has scars 
images/000009848.jpg	 both of them. Most of the things that young g
images/000009849.jpg	gan a journey through space aided by a galaxy
images/000009850.jpg	me flying to its nest. The monkeys were s
images/000009851.jpg	 better ways of seeing things. Computers largely
images/000009852.jpg	ures, while some students need to use it to tal
images/000009853.jpg	 miss her very much.I want to stay with her f
images/000009854.jpg	ars all over! You can stab a man with a k
images/000009855.jpg	to leave the trunk and drink some water from a ne
images/000009856.jpg	 the event of a life-threatening emergency, 
images/000009857.jpg	aily life, whether you admit it or not. When it 
images/000009858.jpg	 around butterflies. He knew how a butterfly 
images/000009859.jpg	very depressed due to his bad temper. Th
images/000009860.jpg	e we born? Why do we die? For all the answers,
images/000009861.jpg	sm is a system of beliefs that focuses on commo
images/000009862.jpg	to hammer the nails and decided to contro
images/000009863.jpg	ht that he had to change this for the betterment 
images/000009864.jpg	ts may not be in favor of their children's ha
images/000009865.jpg	conservative to accept anything new. Their voi
images/000009866.jpg	ut so much pressure on myself. One day, 
images/000009867.jpg	 to work. Therefore, I want to help her in 
images/000009868.jpg	 get the sufficient quantity of leather and 
images/000009869.jpg	d generation is too conservative to accept 
images/000009870.jpg	s. Thus, the body would become lighter an
images/000009871.jpg	puters.The computer has brought a lot o
images/000009872.jpg	hinaThe members in a Chinese family are res
images/000009873.jpg	 and develop kindness. Unfortunately, all the
images/000009874.jpg	d English and they need it for different
images/000009875.jpg	tempts failed. Finally, the boy’s father c
images/000009876.jpg	d fruit in it!An old woodcutter had placed t
images/000009877.jpg	nail to the fence every time he became angry a
images/000009878.jpg	cept for taking care of me, she also has to
images/000009879.jpg	 lectures, while some students need to use it to 
images/000009880.jpg	 a lot of benefits to us. It makes us do thing
images/000009881.jpg	tally out-to-lunch president of the galaxy; Trill
images/000009882.jpg	t from the same cloth. Parents may not b
images/000009883.jpg	nd no misfortunes.The king decided to go
images/000009884.jpg	he next few days, the number of nails hammere
images/000009885.jpg	 drop in on friends and relatives without prev
images/000009886.jpg	h good intention, only going through the strug
images/000009887.jpg	 an unappealing worm! Here is the story of a butt
images/000009888.jpg	 world. He decided to sit over and watch how 
images/000009889.jpg	 fence was reduced to half. The little boy f
images/000009890.jpg	 has brought a lot of benefits to us. It make
images/000009891.jpg	ho grow up in happy families tend to have ma
images/000009892.jpg	mother. He was the only son for them. The parent
images/000009893.jpg	nside the hole was a package. The hungry fox 
images/000009894.jpg	he whole idea. Let’s go home now before you 
images/000009895.jpg	d us of the meaning of humanism. If we treat ou
images/000009896.jpg	ow the butterfly would come out of the cocoon. He
images/000009897.jpg	ss of the people.His ministers were stunned
images/000009898.jpg	g the river he again fell into the water. But in
images/000009899.jpg	 galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off th
images/000009900.jpg	sty and decided to leave the trunk and drink som
images/000009901.jpg	owed down in time. Both sides should talk over th
images/000009902.jpg	ut for the better. Humanism makes the world a mor
images/000009903.jpg	w nails. The fence never look the same! It has s
images/000009904.jpg	y, the butterfly just crawled around wit
images/000009905.jpg	he little boy found it very difficult to ham
images/000009906.jpg	and searched there for food. Suddenly he cau
images/000009907.jpg	l into the river and wasted all the bags of salt 
images/000009908.jpg	us, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in th
images/000009909.jpg	g the butterfly struggling to break the shel
images/000009910.jpg	mall village, a little boy lived with his 
images/000009911.jpg	ot real fire”.The sparrow continued: “I th
images/000009912.jpg	o half. The little boy found it very difficul
images/000009913.jpg	mpts for several hours, there was no progre
images/000009914.jpg	as they had a very prosperous life with 
images/000009915.jpg	, except return home where he loaded his don
images/000009916.jpg	, who had a passion and love for butterflies
images/000009917.jpg	” Emily asked.“I don’t think so,” said Mo
images/000009918.jpg	 decided to help the butterfly. He got a
images/000009919.jpg	he man was happy that he made the butterfly
images/000009920.jpg	ird clothes. Young people either turn a deaf ear
images/000009921.jpg	he world as it is, so they are the dearest parts
images/000009922.jpg	f cows to get the sufficient quantity of
images/000009923.jpg	eaning of humanism. If we treat our fell
images/000009924.jpg	o fit through the hole.The fox was very s
images/000009925.jpg	er ways of seeing things. Computers largely broa
images/000009926.jpg	d even though you find others speaking En
images/000009927.jpg	, the butterfly just crawled around with withered
images/000009928.jpg	for human children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So fo
images/000009929.jpg	pain in his feet as it was his first trip b
images/000009930.jpg	umber of nails hammered on the fence was red
images/000009931.jpg	turn a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based 
images/000009932.jpg	 the old generation is too conservative to acc
images/000009933.jpg	visited many pilgrim centres and could se
images/000009934.jpg	hasn’t been around this part of the fore
images/000009935.jpg	and upset. He told himself, “I wish that I had
images/000009936.jpg	l butterflies! The continuous effort from
images/000009937.jpg	ome students need it to read English textbook
images/000009938.jpg	 tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening fo
images/000009939.jpg	 exampie,first I will jion a soccer club
images/000009940.jpg	 he felt thirsty and decided to leave th
images/000009941.jpg	, the most essential quality for successful Eng
images/000009942.jpg	ll for angry words. He scolded kids, neighbo
images/000009943.jpg	 of humanism is apparent in the story of "The 
images/000009944.jpg	u should take shelter in a cave”. The mo
images/000009945.jpg	lt thirsty and decided to leave the trunk
images/000009946.jpg	 nothing the merchant could do, except return ho
images/000009947.jpg	e man was happy that he made the butterfly
images/000009948.jpg	o the fence was reduced and the day arriv
images/000009949.jpg	f cost and the fierce market competition, th
images/000009950.jpg	riends give them strength and courage. They both
images/000009951.jpg	aldo?” she asked me, shivering in the co
images/000009952.jpg	 in order to sell them. The merchant and his don
images/000009953.jpg	 of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the tw
images/000009954.jpg	 whole idea. Let’s go home now before you catch
images/000009955.jpg	many ways to give up his anger and develop kind
images/000009956.jpg	in friends. The household is always friendly, w
images/000009957.jpg	ill be narrowed down in time. Both sides
images/000009958.jpg	0 times on the first day! Every time he lost his 
images/000009959.jpg	and they were hammered on people. You can
images/000009960.jpg	 temper made him fall for angry words. He scolde
images/000009961.jpg	in it!An old woodcutter had placed the foo
images/000009962.jpg	ening.The Importance of HumanismHumanism
images/000009963.jpg	ways to give up his anger and develop kind
images/000009964.jpg	ellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two
images/000009965.jpg	soldier extended a helping hand to the ol
images/000009966.jpg	intimidated even though you find others sp
images/000009967.jpg	Young people either turn a deaf ear to the e
images/000009968.jpg	ox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and to
images/000009969.jpg	Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronical
images/000009970.jpg	that different things appeal to different
images/000009971.jpg	the world, the gap between them will be narrowed
images/000009972.jpg	was his alternative idea. The minister told, ‘
images/000009973.jpg	 was two days before Christmas. Harry, Co
images/000009974.jpg	r children warmth, care and shelter, while fri
images/000009975.jpg	ing. It requires much time, commitment and di
images/000009976.jpg	ve some ideal qualities to succeed in English 
images/000009977.jpg	 will be narrowed down in time. Both sid
images/000009978.jpg	oot to longer distance. He complained to his min
images/000009979.jpg	speaking English better than you. Participate in 
images/000009980.jpg	o do. For exampie,first I will jion a soccer c
images/000009981.jpg	elter, while friends give them strength and c
images/000009982.jpg	d be responsible for solving the problem. As lo
images/000009983.jpg	nce. He complained to his ministers that the road
images/000009984.jpg	 also has to work. Therefore, I want to h
images/000009985.jpg	re respectively more than in other countrie
images/000009986.jpg	ard he tried, he could not get out of the
images/000009987.jpg	will show my paper to my parents, they ar
images/000009988.jpg	e said he was very much worried about the pe
images/000009989.jpg	ends give them strength and courage. The
images/000009990.jpg	 did not hammer any nail and he did not lose
images/000009991.jpg	ds due to anger. He invited all worries f
images/000009992.jpg	fter some time the monkeys became very tired. Now
images/000009993.jpg	brace the relationships. Use them to show your
images/000009994.jpg	ll,” I said, “he hasn’t been around this part 
images/000009995.jpg	ry and to lose his temper. The little boy fou
images/000009996.jpg	 not tolerate the pain as he walked all the
images/000009997.jpg	me flying to its nest. The monkeys were sitting o
images/000009998.jpg	ws to get the sufficient quantity of leathe
images/000009999.jpg	 make larger opening for the butterfly and remo
images/000010000.jpg	re how I do well in the exam, they just w
images/000010001.jpg	that he made the butterfly come out of the
images/000010002.jpg	hem. The merchant and his donkey were walking 
images/000010003.jpg	ooks or jonrnals and attend English lectures, whi
images/000010004.jpg	ids, neighbours and even his friends due to a
images/000010005.jpg	we born? Why do we die? For all the answers, 
images/000010006.jpg	e asked me, shivering in the cold air.“Santa Cla
images/000010007.jpg	minds open to each other's outlooks on the world
images/000010008.jpg	 shrink the body and the wings could support th
images/000010009.jpg	 see. Santa Claus is only for human child
images/000010010.jpg	increase of the hours that people spend on com
images/000010011.jpg	 forest. He was going to eat it for his 
images/000010012.jpg	ressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former gra
images/000010013.jpg	g presents to animal children?” Emily asked.Sho
images/000010014.jpg	things may turn out for the better. Huma
images/000010015.jpg	. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he tri
images/000010016.jpg	haping children's character. As parents, 
images/000010017.jpg	he young man's actions were the example of h
images/000010018.jpg	tter how hard he tried, he could not get o
images/000010019.jpg	expanded or enlarged nor the swollen body re
images/000010020.jpg	their parents even after they get married. So
images/000010021.jpg	g thought that he had to change this for the
images/000010022.jpg	ver and over again so that many people ca
images/000010023.jpg	. People of distant places were so happy
images/000010024.jpg	rd, families offer children warmth, care and 
images/000010025.jpg	". The soldier extended a helping hand to th
images/000010026.jpg	ad of the whole country with leather so 
images/000010027.jpg	sponsible for solving the problem. As long as b
images/000010028.jpg	l the time. But I have put so much pressur
images/000010029.jpg	er. But instead of the load becoming light
images/000010030.jpg	d, “I wish we could find some fire. It will h
images/000010031.jpg	ings.The man was happy that he made the butt
images/000010032.jpg	tely, neither the wings expanded or enlarged n
images/000010033.jpg	 the sufficient quantity of leather and 
images/000010034.jpg	 applauded the minister. He ordered for a pair
images/000010035.jpg	 growth. There are two apparent factors whi
images/000010036.jpg	 am going to do many things that I want to
images/000010037.jpg	calls for us to pay closer attention to our fello
images/000010038.jpg	kill the holy animal cow to cover the road with 
images/000010039.jpg	f the forest and searched there for food. Sudd
images/000010040.jpg	 dynamic pair began a journey through spa
images/000010041.jpg	tterfly emerged without any struggle!Unfortunat
images/000010042.jpg	 tired. Now they realized what the sparrow
images/000010043.jpg	ver! You can stab a man with a knife, but the w
images/000010044.jpg	g a more and more important role in modern 
images/000010045.jpg	 kids, neighbours and even his friends due 
images/000010046.jpg	 a package. The hungry fox immediately tho
images/000010047.jpg	ualities to succeed in English learning. It requ
images/000010048.jpg	 and totally out-to-lunch president of the ga
images/000010049.jpg	 which he will grow up. Parents are children's 
images/000010050.jpg	a drastic increase of the hours that people spend
images/000010051.jpg	ained to his ministers that the roads we
images/000010052.jpg	 human needs and seeks rational ways of 
images/000010053.jpg	She noticed what they were doing. The sparrow
images/000010054.jpg	 to us. It makes us do things more quickly. Furt
images/000010055.jpg	 of leather and it would cost a huge amoun
images/000010056.jpg	 English textbooks or jonrnals and attend Englis
images/000010057.jpg	elp children to understand the world as it i
images/000010058.jpg	the same! It has scars all over! You can stab 
images/000010059.jpg	s several days that he did not hammer any nail
images/000010060.jpg	f fireflies. One of the young monkeys thought it
images/000010061.jpg	rents through the verbal usage. While he forgo
images/000010062.jpg	bag of nails. He asked his son to hammer one na
images/000010063.jpg	nderful machine. Today it is used a great d
images/000010064.jpg	s which affect a person's growth. One is family, 
images/000010065.jpg	rfly and removed the remaining cocoon. The butt
images/000010066.jpg	advice or set themselves against what the
images/000010067.jpg	al abuse! Use words for good. Use them to 
images/000010068.jpg	For all the answers, stick your thumb to t
images/000010069.jpg	out the same.  The father appreciated him
images/000010070.jpg	o much food that he became too big to fit thro
images/000010071.jpg	 good intention, only going through the st
images/000010072.jpg	r society. Humanism calls for us to pay c
images/000010073.jpg	nt things appeal to different generation
images/000010074.jpg	utterfly!One day, a man saw a cocoon. He loved b
images/000010075.jpg	 is apparent in the story of "The Right Son 
images/000010076.jpg	he could not get out of the hole. Do you know why
images/000010077.jpg	.Second I will go to my grandma's house,b
images/000010078.jpg	o to the market in order to sell them. The 
images/000010079.jpg	eaten so much food that he became too big to f
images/000010080.jpg	 keep their minds open to each other's o
images/000010081.jpg	tively more than in other countries' famil
images/000010082.jpg	ion of colours. In fact, he used to spend a lot
images/000010083.jpg	dren's personality. Friends are the connections b
images/000010084.jpg	s friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revis
images/000010085.jpg	was his first trip by foot to longer distanc
images/000010086.jpg	a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to ma
images/000010087.jpg	u should take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys d
images/000010088.jpg	s Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shiveri
images/000010089.jpg	forever. Your bad temper and anger were like 
images/000010090.jpg	ost his temper, he ran to the fence and hammer
images/000010091.jpg	t Time". The soldier extended a helping ha
images/000010092.jpg	sehold is always friendly, welcoming, and ge
images/000010093.jpg	at has led to this phenomenon? As far as
images/000010094.jpg	 housework. She was really tired when I was go 
images/000010095.jpg	 will grow up. Parents are children's first teac
images/000010096.jpg	merged like any other beautiful butterflie
images/000010097.jpg	l in the exam, I will show my paper to my pare
images/000010098.jpg	You see. Santa Claus is only for human childre
images/000010099.jpg	hink he will come if I write to him?” Emily aske
images/000010100.jpg	ents need to use it to talk to English-speakers, 
images/000010101.jpg	ter several weeks, he returned to the palace.
images/000010102.jpg	mplained to his ministers that the roads we
images/000010103.jpg	ly more than in other countries' family.
images/000010104.jpg	o talk to English-speakers, attend seminars, wri
images/000010105.jpg	ils. The fence never look the same! It ha
images/000010106.jpg	rt Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beau
images/000010107.jpg	eys were sitting on the same tree. She notic
images/000010108.jpg	 accompany them. People of distant places we
images/000010109.jpg	 our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of 
images/000010110.jpg	 intimidated even though you find others 
images/000010111.jpg	remained a few nails that the boy could not p
images/000010112.jpg	ehension, one should get access to a lot of
images/000010113.jpg	t that at any time, the butterfly might expand 
images/000010114.jpg	our fellows. Occasional examples of human go
images/000010115.jpg	 was happy that he made the butterfly come out o
images/000010116.jpg	ho used to walk along those roads as it wou
images/000010117.jpg	her. He was the only son for them. The pare
images/000010118.jpg	he relationships. Use them to show your heart!
images/000010119.jpg	 watch the butterfly and he was quite eage
images/000010120.jpg	remind us of the meaning of humanism. If we t
images/000010121.jpg	emper. The little boy found it hilarious and 
images/000010122.jpg	. One day, my parents tell me that they 
images/000010123.jpg	cocoon. He was watching the butterfly struggli
images/000010124.jpg	o spend a lot of time around butterflies. He
images/000010125.jpg	owever, no matter how hard he tried, he co
images/000010126.jpg	rket competition, the price has been marke
images/000010127.jpg	t more than 10 hours with the cocoon and t
images/000010128.jpg	e man, who had a passion and love for butterflie
images/000010129.jpg	sible for solving the problem. As long as both si
images/000010130.jpg	 who, for the last fifteen years, has been posin
images/000010131.jpg	ver and wasted all the bags of salt on its back a
images/000010132.jpg	ple of the kingdom were very happy as they had 
images/000010133.jpg	m in many ways to give up his anger and devel
images/000010134.jpg	 we don’t want to undergo any struggle, we won’t 
images/000010135.jpg	 understand their children and keep the lin
images/000010136.jpg	fly just crawled around with withered wings a
images/000010137.jpg	on's growth. There are two apparent fact
images/000010138.jpg	ngry. No matter how hard he tried, the fox could 
images/000010139.jpg	ore than in other countries' family. In Ch
images/000010140.jpg	another important part in shaping childre
images/000010141.jpg	avoided him.His mother and father console
images/000010142.jpg	e on a tree. They were clinging to its bran
images/000010143.jpg	hildren and keep the lines of communication
images/000010144.jpg	ive them strength and courage. They both help 
images/000010145.jpg	cting with friends one can get into the society 
images/000010146.jpg	en making some embarrassing mistakes.In shor
images/000010147.jpg	d this part of the forest for many years. I gue
images/000010148.jpg	them to embrace the relationships. Use th
images/000010149.jpg	dent obsessed with the disappearance of all th
images/000010150.jpg	d a craze for its wonderful combination of c
images/000010151.jpg	much worried about the people who used to 
images/000010152.jpg	iker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the 
images/000010153.jpg	y thought that there might be food in it, and
images/000010154.jpg	mily gathers together to celebrate holidays a
images/000010155.jpg	. On reaching the river he again fell into the w
images/000010156.jpg	xam, they just want me to be happy. I know I shou
images/000010157.jpg	. Unfortunately, even after continuous attemp
images/000010158.jpg	denly he caught sight of a big tree with 
images/000010159.jpg	Fritz appeared with his little niece Emily and
images/000010160.jpg	o walk along those roads as it would be pai
images/000010161.jpg	ng human problems.There are many example
images/000010162.jpg	on of colours. In fact, he used to spend a lot
images/000010163.jpg	 was quite eager to watch the butterfly fly wit
images/000010164.jpg	ce. However, there remained a few nails 
images/000010165.jpg	em will be narrowed down in time. Both si
images/000010166.jpg	both of them. Most of the things that young
images/000010167.jpg	 his words. His bad temper made him fall for angr
images/000010168.jpg	mples that demonstrate humanism. The spirit of hu
images/000010169.jpg	 is from the South and has never seen snow be
images/000010170.jpg	, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy building
images/000010171.jpg	ting, he felt thirsty and decided to leave
images/000010172.jpg	to pay closer attention to our fellows. Occas
images/000010173.jpg	eemed that the butterfly tried its best and 
images/000010174.jpg	 Their voices are not taken into account. These
images/000010175.jpg	terflies. He knew how a butterfly would strugg
images/000010176.jpg	 largely broaden our vision.How to Be a
images/000010177.jpg	searcher for the revised edition of The Hitchhike
images/000010178.jpg	w deliberately, the donkey fell into the
images/000010179.jpg	ere very happy as they had a very prosperous 
images/000010180.jpg	 hammered to the fence was reduced and the day 
images/000010181.jpg	he boy was able to pull out most of the nails fro
images/000010182.jpg	ve a piece of leather cut in appropriate s
images/000010183.jpg	es are proud of their harmony and unity. Eac
images/000010184.jpg	nd accepted to do what his father said.The 
images/000010185.jpg	generous to visitors who can drop in on fr
images/000010186.jpg	mic pair began a journey through space aided b
images/000010187.jpg	aller and the wings would be beautiful and 
images/000010188.jpg	spirit of humanism is apparent in the story o
images/000010189.jpg	y did not lose his temper. He told his father 
images/000010190.jpg	word, families offer children warmth, care a
images/000010191.jpg	, friends make another important part in
images/000010192.jpg	would have emerged like any other beautifu
images/000010193.jpg	want to undergo any struggle, we won’t be able
images/000010194.jpg	on a time, there was a hungry fox that was looki
images/000010195.jpg	 down in time. Both sides should talk ove
images/000010196.jpg	 on the world, the gap between them will be narr
images/000010197.jpg	he road with leather? Rather, you can just h
images/000010198.jpg	, including the children. Chinese families
images/000010199.jpg	g to make its way to enjoy its world. He de
images/000010200.jpg	y, even after continuous attempts for sev
images/000010201.jpg	t that there might be food in it, and he bec
images/000010202.jpg	everal days that he did not hammer any nai
images/000010203.jpg	foot to interact with his people and acco
images/000010204.jpg	s with them open, at the same time they m
images/000010205.jpg	d shelter, while friends give them strength an
images/000010206.jpg	 to have much time left for animals.”“Do you thi
images/000010207.jpg	n also help accumulate and enlarge your vocabula
images/000010208.jpg	l show my paper to my parents, they are so h
images/000010209.jpg	 learn English well. In order to improve t
images/000010210.jpg	ence was reduced and the day arrived whe
images/000010211.jpg	 and huge body. It was never able to fly all t
images/000010212.jpg	row continued: “I think all of you should t
images/000010213.jpg	nd his donkey were walking along together. T
images/000010214.jpg	 saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant t
images/000010215.jpg	th bags of salt to go to the market in order t
images/000010216.jpg	go to my grandma's house,because I miss h
images/000010217.jpg	alactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off 
images/000010218.jpg	red wings and huge body. It was never able to fly
images/000010219.jpg	 man with a knife, but the wound will remai
images/000010220.jpg	r. The boy used to get angry very soon and taun
images/000010221.jpg	ding comprehension, one should get access t
images/000010222.jpg	ken English will be. Nothing in the world is dif
images/000010223.jpg	ing a more and more important role in modern life
images/000010224.jpg	e of all the ballpoint pens he's bought over t
images/000010225.jpg	aid, “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not re
images/000010226.jpg	s really tired when I was go to school. E
images/000010227.jpg	ost essential quality for successful Eng
images/000010228.jpg	 happy. I know I should relax myself and 
images/000010229.jpg	am, they just want me to be happy. I know I 
images/000010230.jpg	 time of need. The young man's actions were the
images/000010231.jpg	ow had said was correct.They set free the f
images/000010232.jpg	but the wound will remain there forever. Your bad
images/000010233.jpg	conversation with their king and they were proud 
images/000010234.jpg	re two apparent factors which affect a p
images/000010235.jpg	haracters. If we say that families offer the
images/000010236.jpg	asked his son to hammer one nail to the fence eve
images/000010237.jpg	f I write to him?” Emily asked.“I don’t th
images/000010238.jpg	times on the first day! Every time he lost his te
images/000010239.jpg	, “I wish we could find some fire. It will he
images/000010240.jpg	the same time they must keep in mind that diff
images/000010241.jpg	l. There is a drastic increase of the hours that
images/000010242.jpg	he way through the rough path.He said he
images/000010243.jpg	of cows to get the sufficient quantity of leather
images/000010244.jpg	pitable. The family gathers together to cele
images/000010245.jpg	c behavior. In the event of a life-threatening 
images/000010246.jpg	 People of distant places were so happy to h
images/000010247.jpg	arents tell me that they don’t care how I d
images/000010248.jpg	y time he became angry and to lose his temper. Th
images/000010249.jpg	 apparent in the story of "The Right Son at th
images/000010250.jpg	would be painful for them too!He made an 
images/000010251.jpg	e pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? For 
images/000010252.jpg	ised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to t
images/000010253.jpg	, a researcher for the revised edition of The Hi
images/000010254.jpg	and had a swollen body with small and withered 
images/000010255.jpg	 of beliefs that focuses on common human n
images/000010256.jpg	me embarrassing mistakes.In short, the mo
images/000010257.jpg	 no matter how hard he tried, he could not get o
images/000010258.jpg	ood that he became too big to fit through th
images/000010259.jpg	er as it would destroy the life of thousands of
images/000010260.jpg	at focuses on common human needs and seeks r
images/000010261.jpg	much time, commitment and discipline to learn En
images/000010262.jpg	ile friends give them strength and courage. The
images/000010263.jpg	id it with good intention, only going through 
images/000010264.jpg	had finished eating, he felt thirsty and decided 
images/000010265.jpg	 the road of the whole country with leather so 
images/000010266.jpg	ied to pick up at a cocktail party once 
images/000010267.jpg	w up in happy families tend to have many pleasan
images/000010268.jpg	I know, it involves several reasons. With the ra
images/000010269.jpg	or the last fifteen years, has been posi
images/000010270.jpg	 - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful sp
images/000010271.jpg	 Their voices are not taken into account. These 
images/000010272.jpg	n to wear shoes. FoolsIt was a cold and sil
images/000010273.jpg	e. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so 
images/000010274.jpg	e-threatening emergency, humanism can be as im
images/000010275.jpg	 Young people either turn a deaf ear to the elde
images/000010276.jpg	y would become lighter and smaller and the wings 
images/000010277.jpg	ecause I miss her very much.I want to st
images/000010278.jpg	ctice more to improve my skills.Second I will g
images/000010279.jpg	and totally out-to-lunch president of the galaxy;
images/000010280.jpg	 in other countries' family. In China, childre
images/000010281.jpg	my parents, they are so happy to see me do well 
images/000010282.jpg	should take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did n
images/000010283.jpg	l show my paper to my parents, they are so
images/000010284.jpg	y silly monkeys that is a firefly, not real fire
images/000010285.jpg	 Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he has
images/000010286.jpg	. Both sides should talk over their problems with
images/000010287.jpg	 to better ways of seeing things. Computers larg
images/000010288.jpg	tions with them open, at the same time they
images/000010289.jpg	f the whole country with leather so that p
images/000010290.jpg	 Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t 
images/000010291.jpg	d intention, only going through the stru
images/000010292.jpg	old.”Change Yourself and not The WorldL
images/000010293.jpg	 and more important role in modern life.
images/000010294.jpg	st teachers, so family does play an impor
images/000010295.jpg	 have a conversation with their king and t
images/000010296.jpg	 to watch the butterfly and he was quite e
images/000010297.jpg	d unity. Each member of the family contributes t
images/000010298.jpg	he sufficient quantity of leather and it would co
images/000010299.jpg	 silly monkeys that is a firefly, not real fi
images/000010300.jpg	dier extended a helping hand to the old man 
images/000010301.jpg	ging to its branches. One of the monkeys
images/000010302.jpg	or us to pay closer attention to our fellows. 
images/000010303.jpg	or its wonderful combination of colours. In fact,
images/000010304.jpg	nd to lose his temper. The little boy found
images/000010305.jpg	different opinions on the reasons why ge
images/000010306.jpg	Inside the hole was a package. The hungry
images/000010307.jpg	hen making some embarrassing mistakes.In
images/000010308.jpg	 to watch the butterfly and he was quite 
images/000010309.jpg	e was a package. The hungry fox immediately 
images/000010310.jpg	 stay with her for several days.Last I wil
images/000010311.jpg	 I guess he is too busy visiting all the hum
images/000010312.jpg	minister. He ordered for a pair of leath
images/000010313.jpg	ys became very tired. Now they realized what t
images/000010314.jpg	l and colourful butterfly comes from an unap
images/000010315.jpg	a Claus is only for human children,” Fritz sa
images/000010316.jpg	in a Chinese family are respectively more than
images/000010317.jpg	. Most of the things that young generatio
images/000010318.jpg	ot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate s
images/000010319.jpg	ving the problem. As long as both sides keep
images/000010320.jpg	d to socialize together, with several genera
images/000010321.jpg	s DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a me
images/000010322.jpg	o to the market in order to sell them. The merch
images/000010323.jpg	 know, it involves several reasons. With the 
images/000010324.jpg	mping into the hole.”Computers and Mode
images/000010325.jpg	Participate in all oral activities. The more you 
images/000010326.jpg	keys became very tired. Now they realized what th
images/000010327.jpg	sed to spend a lot of time around butterfli
images/000010328.jpg	unch president of the galaxy; Trillian (forme
images/000010329.jpg	e in modern life.What has led to this phenomeno
images/000010330.jpg	g through the struggles the butterfly would
images/000010331.jpg	ppery riverbank, now deliberately, the do
images/000010332.jpg	. He asked his son to hammer one nail to the f
images/000010333.jpg	 comes from an unappealing worm! Here is t
images/000010334.jpg	ne beautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded hi
images/000010335.jpg	 the last fifteen years, has been posing as an 
images/000010336.jpg	 and seeks rational ways of solving human proble
images/000010337.jpg	ss. It seemed that the butterfly tried its best 
images/000010338.jpg	first day! Every time he lost his temper, he ran
images/000010339.jpg	 no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not l
images/000010340.jpg	 contributes to household duties, includ
images/000010341.jpg	 Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost a
images/000010342.jpg	 reasons why generation gap comes into being. Som
images/000010343.jpg	eneration gap exists in our daily life, whether y
images/000010344.jpg	t know much about our winters.”It turne
images/000010345.jpg	beliefs that focuses on common human need
images/000010346.jpg	n, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically
images/000010347.jpg	sh we could find some fire. It will help us to
images/000010348.jpg	try came to the king and said that he had anot
images/000010349.jpg	ul machine. Today it is used a great deal. There 
images/000010350.jpg	ey fell into the river and wasted all the bags 
images/000010351.jpg	 into account. These different ideas disturb bot
images/000010352.jpg	 eating, he felt thirsty and decided to 
images/000010353.jpg	the same! It has scars all over! You can sta
images/000010354.jpg	 would become lighter and smaller and the wings
images/000010355.jpg	p my mother do some housework. She was r
images/000010356.jpg	arents tell me that they don’t care how I do w
images/000010357.jpg	e people of the kingdom were very happy a
images/000010358.jpg	t instead of the load becoming lighter, it became
images/000010359.jpg	Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so muc
images/000010360.jpg	e, the butterfly might expand the wings, shr
images/000010361.jpg	as looking for something to eat. He was very
images/000010362.jpg	nfortunately, even after continuous attemp
images/000010363.jpg	nt ideas disturb both of them. Most of the thi
images/000010364.jpg	en warmth, care and shelter, while friends give t
images/000010365.jpg	ggling to break the shell for several hou
images/000010366.jpg	rrow came flying to its nest. The monkeys were s
images/000010367.jpg	en and keep the lines of communications with them
images/000010368.jpg	y set free the firefly and moved to a nearb
images/000010369.jpg	 now before you catch a cold.”Change Yourself
images/000010370.jpg	 clothes. Young people either turn a deaf
images/000010371.jpg	e different opinions on the reasons why generat
images/000010372.jpg	I had thought a little before jumping into
images/000010373.jpg	 the world is difficult for one who sets h
images/000010374.jpg	ories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I sa
images/000010375.jpg	a very prosperous life with abundance of wea
images/000010376.jpg	had intolerable pain in his feet as it was his
images/000010377.jpg	 they just want me to be happy. I know I sho
images/000010378.jpg	ritz appeared with his little niece Emily and in
images/000010379.jpg	ore than 10 hours with the cocoon and the b
images/000010380.jpg	ur society. Humanism calls for us to pay closer a
images/000010381.jpg	 a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Be
images/000010382.jpg	ter continuous attempts for several hours, 
images/000010383.jpg	ight expand the wings, shrink the body and the
images/000010384.jpg	eal. There is a drastic increase of the hours
images/000010385.jpg	 temper. The little boy found it hilarious 
images/000010386.jpg	 miss her very much.I want to stay with her 
images/000010387.jpg	to come out of its cocoon would let the 
images/000010388.jpg	uring the summer holiday, I want to practice mo
images/000010389.jpg	y words. He scolded kids, neighbours and eve
images/000010390.jpg	 On reaching the river he again fell into the w
images/000010391.jpg	ble pain in his feet as it was his first 
images/000010392.jpg	 those roads as it would be painful for 
images/000010393.jpg	ed, “brings presents and toys to human children 
images/000010394.jpg	r one nail to the fence every time he became
images/000010395.jpg	t quantity of leather and it would cost a huge
images/000010396.jpg	Christmas SurpriseIt was two days before C
images/000010397.jpg	e market in order to sell them. The mercha
images/000010398.jpg	 decided to leave the trunk and drink some
images/000010399.jpg	o hammer the nails and decided to control his
images/000010400.jpg	t themselves against what the elders hav
images/000010401.jpg	 and to lose his temper. The little boy found i
images/000010402.jpg	esident of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly
images/000010403.jpg	bank, now deliberately, the donkey fell into 
images/000010404.jpg	ss her very much.I want to stay with her 
images/000010405.jpg	r children's hairstyle and weird clothes. You
images/000010406.jpg	 of the meaning of humanism. If we treat our
images/000010407.jpg	ld support the body.  Unfortunately, neit
images/000010408.jpg	‘Why do you want to kill the holy animal co
images/000010409.jpg	was a package. The hungry fox immediately thought
images/000010410.jpg	never able to fly all through its life.Altho
images/000010411.jpg	 “I wish we could find some fire. It will help us
images/000010412.jpg	’s trick. He then returned home again but
images/000010413.jpg	le and accompany them. People of distant places 
images/000010414.jpg	So forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home n
images/000010415.jpg	lebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-h
images/000010416.jpg	ed, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lun
images/000010417.jpg	stars!Summer holiday is coming.I am goin
images/000010418.jpg	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for t
images/000010419.jpg	sons why generation gap comes into being. Som
images/000010420.jpg	how I do well in the exam, they just want me
images/000010421.jpg	 monkeys did not listen to the sparrow. They 
images/000010422.jpg	 both sides keep their minds open to each ot
images/000010423.jpg	d.Short Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2
images/000010424.jpg	 will grow up. Parents are children's firs
images/000010425.jpg	 several hours. He spent almost more than
images/000010426.jpg	attend English lectures, while some students need
images/000010427.jpg	ipline to learn English well. In order to im
images/000010428.jpg	t of reading materials, which can also help ac
images/000010429.jpg	ed to travel by foot to interact with his people
images/000010430.jpg	to come out through the tiny opening. Unfortunat
images/000010431.jpg	s outlooks on the world, the gap between 
images/000010432.jpg	and accompany them. People of distant pl
images/000010433.jpg	ere are these pens? Why are we born? Why do we d
images/000010434.jpg	y depressed due to his bad temper. The boy used 
images/000010435.jpg	he used to spend a lot of time around bu
images/000010436.jpg	iver and wasted all the bags of salt on its 
images/000010437.jpg	Many of us know that a beautiful and colourf
images/000010438.jpg	, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail par
images/000010439.jpg	 Use words for good. Use them to embrace the r
images/000010440.jpg	ken English will be. Nothing in the world is 
images/000010441.jpg	ny pilgrim centres and could see his fel
images/000010442.jpg	ufficient quantity of leather and it would cost
images/000010443.jpg	is a system of beliefs that focuses on common
images/000010444.jpg	when he opened the package, he saw there w
images/000010445.jpg	could not find food. Finally he went to 
images/000010446.jpg	e. He was quite happy that he visited many pilgr
images/000010447.jpg	children's hairstyle and weird clothes. 
images/000010448.jpg	the monkeys said, “I wish we could find some 
images/000010449.jpg	y other beautiful butterflies! The conti
images/000010450.jpg	e out of the cocoon. He was watching the butter
images/000010451.jpg	ng to do many things that I want to do. For 
images/000010452.jpg	price has been marked down over and over ag
images/000010453.jpg	eanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost and the 
images/000010454.jpg	and had a swollen body with small and withered
images/000010455.jpg	 spent almost more than 10 hours with the coco
images/000010456.jpg	ant to kill the holy animal cow to cover
images/000010457.jpg	tail party once upon a time zone; Marvin, 
images/000010458.jpg	families offer children warmth, care and 
images/000010459.jpg	nd accepted to do what his father said.The 
images/000010460.jpg	 of the meaning of humanism. If we treat our f
images/000010461.jpg	nglish-speakers, attend seminars, write letters
images/000010462.jpg	oy told his father about the same.  The fath
images/000010463.jpg	eal qualities to succeed in English learn
images/000010464.jpg	 the sufficient quantity of leather and it would
images/000010465.jpg	s offer children warmth, care and shelter, while
images/000010466.jpg	rs' experience-based advice or set themse
images/000010467.jpg	 eager to watch the butterfly fly with it
images/000010468.jpg	the society, so by contacting with friends one
images/000010469.jpg	r bad temper and they were hammered on people. Yo
images/000010470.jpg	is anger and develop kindness. Unfortunatel
images/000010471.jpg	d seeks rational ways of solving human p
images/000010472.jpg	Gradually, the number of nails hammered to the f
images/000010473.jpg	ll the time. But I have put so much pressu
images/000010474.jpg	should get access to a lot of reading materials,
images/000010475.jpg	er! You can stab a man with a knife, but the woun
images/000010476.jpg	 me, shivering in the cold air.“Santa Claus,” I
images/000010477.jpg	 bag of nails. He asked his son to hammer on
images/000010478.jpg	contributes to household duties, including th
images/000010479.jpg	o got Caught in the Tree TrunkOnce upon a time
images/000010480.jpg	said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, myself.”
images/000010481.jpg	 important role in shaping children's character. 
images/000010482.jpg	erfly was trying to make its way to enjoy its wo
images/000010483.jpg	hey realized what the sparrow had said was c
images/000010484.jpg	are the connections between children and the
images/000010485.jpg	laus,” I explained, “brings presents and to
images/000010486.jpg	decided to travel by foot to interact wit
images/000010487.jpg	dren's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young peopl
images/000010488.jpg	with a knife, but the wound will remain there 
images/000010489.jpg	 could support the body.  Unfortunately, ne
images/000010490.jpg	and relatives without previous invitatio
images/000010491.jpg	ance of our society. Humanism calls for us to
images/000010492.jpg	ions were the example of humanistic beha
images/000010493.jpg	. With the rapid progressing of the society, comp
images/000010494.jpg	ed in the body convert into wings. Thus, t
images/000010495.jpg	m the butterfly to come out of its cocoon would
images/000010496.jpg	riends due to anger. He invited all worrie
images/000010497.jpg	es, including the children. Chinese families
images/000010498.jpg	indness. Unfortunately, all their attempt
images/000010499.jpg	 about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The n
images/000010500.jpg	m. The spirit of humanism is apparent in t
images/000010501.jpg	mes to the problem of generation gap, people's 
images/000010502.jpg	 need to use it to talk to English-speakers, a
images/000010503.jpg	lity for successful English learning is persever
images/000010504.jpg	d to leave the trunk and drink some water from a
images/000010505.jpg	 butterfly to come out of its cocoon woul
images/000010506.jpg	ed all worries for his parents through the v
images/000010507.jpg	tch the butterfly fly with its beautiful win
images/000010508.jpg	e for 30 times on the first day! Every time he
images/000010509.jpg	felt thirsty and decided to leave the trunk
images/000010510.jpg	ed his son to hammer one nail to the fenc
images/000010511.jpg	silent night. The weather was freezing. A grou
images/000010512.jpg	nately, the donkey slipped and fell into the rive
images/000010513.jpg	to have a conversation with their king and they
images/000010514.jpg	ld, the gap between them will be narrowed down 
images/000010515.jpg	s - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he 
images/000010516.jpg	 friends.After one was born, the first surr
images/000010517.jpg	 the roads weren’t comfortable and were very
images/000010518.jpg	 access to a lot of reading materials, wh
images/000010519.jpg	ads weren’t comfortable and were very stony. He
images/000010520.jpg	etition, the price has been marked down over 
images/000010521.jpg	rrow came flying to its nest. The monkeys 
images/000010522.jpg	se them to show your heart!”A Merchant an
images/000010523.jpg	many things that I want to do. For exampie,firs
images/000010524.jpg	ket in order to sell them. The merchant and his 
images/000010525.jpg	 However, he had regret.He had intolerable 
images/000010526.jpg	. Parents may not be in favor of their child
images/000010527.jpg	orest. He was going to eat it for his lunc
images/000010528.jpg	d that different things appeal to different 
images/000010529.jpg	eautiful and large.If we don’t want to u
images/000010530.jpg	lems.There are many examples that demonstrat
images/000010531.jpg	riends due to anger. He invited all worries
images/000010532.jpg	ed, “brings presents and toys to human chi
images/000010533.jpg	galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off 
images/000010534.jpg	ir king and they were proud that their king was
images/000010535.jpg	 made an order to cover the road of the who
images/000010536.jpg	s looking for something to eat. He was ve
images/000010537.jpg	y tired when I was go to school. Except for 
images/000010538.jpg	oad with leather? Rather, you can just hav
images/000010539.jpg	r children warmth, care and shelter, while f
images/000010540.jpg	imal children?” Emily asked.Short Storie
images/000010541.jpg	 in the fence!’He told the boy, “The nai
images/000010542.jpg	 part in shaping children's personality.
images/000010543.jpg	 The young man's actions were the example
images/000010544.jpg	thought that he had to change this for the be
images/000010545.jpg	oung people either turn a deaf ear to the elders
images/000010546.jpg	tem of beliefs that focuses on common human need
images/000010547.jpg	ip. Don't be intimidated even though you find
images/000010548.jpg	d tolerance, many things may turn out for the bet
images/000010549.jpg	th and has never seen snow before,” Fritz tol
images/000010550.jpg	iendly, welcoming, and generous to visitors w
images/000010551.jpg	his father gave him a huge bag of nails. He 
images/000010552.jpg	.Last I will help my mother do some housework. 
images/000010553.jpg	with several generations gathering around the t
images/000010554.jpg	a little boy lived with his father and mother
images/000010555.jpg	uld support the body.  Unfortunately, neither the
images/000010556.jpg	people happily lived under the rule of a king. 
images/000010557.jpg	ut of the cocoon without any more struggles. He c
images/000010558.jpg	et angry very soon and taunt others with his word
images/000010559.jpg	 house,because I miss her very much.I want
images/000010560.jpg	o hammer the nails and decided to contro
images/000010561.jpg	ly would have emerged like any other beautiful
images/000010562.jpg	he butterfly. He got a pair of scissors and tweak
images/000010563.jpg	nd to socialize together, with several ge
images/000010564.jpg	fe, but the wound will remain there forever. Your
images/000010565.jpg	half. The little boy found it very diffi
images/000010566.jpg	utterflies decided to help the butterfly. 
images/000010567.jpg	eat. After the fox had finished eating, he fe
images/000010568.jpg	h the disappearance of all the ballpoint pens 
images/000010569.jpg	 activities. The more you speak, the better your
images/000010570.jpg	s, so they are the dearest parts in one's life
images/000010571.jpg	ul butterflies! The continuous effort from th
images/000010572.jpg	rassed when making some embarrassing mistak
images/000010573.jpg	donkey again set on its way. On reaching t
images/000010574.jpg	sting of three generations is common.Chinese
images/000010575.jpg	y through space aided by a galaxyful of fello
images/000010576.jpg	 his words. His bad temper made him fall for an
images/000010577.jpg	the children. Chinese families tend to socialize
images/000010578.jpg	e, whether you admit it or not. When it comes t
images/000010579.jpg	ng cocoon. The butterfly emerged without a
images/000010580.jpg	a huge bag of nails. He asked his son to h
images/000010581.jpg	 thanks to the decline of cost and the fierce 
images/000010582.jpg	y looked no longer beautiful and had a s
images/000010583.jpg	 to the sparrow. They continued to blow a
images/000010584.jpg	d with leather? Rather, you can just have a piece
images/000010585.jpg	it comes to the problem of generation gap, peo
images/000010586.jpg	m. The merchant and his donkey were walking a
images/000010587.jpg	ble, immediately.The king thought that he 
images/000010588.jpg	ealth and no misfortunes.The king decided to go
images/000010589.jpg	at a beautiful and colourful butterfly comes 
images/000010590.jpg	een around this part of the forest for many
images/000010591.jpg	ther that it was several days that he did
images/000010592.jpg	to us. It makes us do things more quickl
images/000010593.jpg	 for the better. Humanism makes the world 
images/000010594.jpg	 thanks to the decline of cost and the fierce 
images/000010595.jpg	clinging to its branches. One of the monkeys said
images/000010596.jpg	ee-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch pre
images/000010597.jpg	would destroy the life of thousands of cows to 
images/000010598.jpg	sparrow came flying to its nest. The monkeys w
images/000010599.jpg	 do well in the exam, I will show my paper to
images/000010600.jpg	inued to watch the butterfly and he was qui
images/000010601.jpg	 is a system of beliefs that focuses on common hu
images/000010602.jpg	e rapid progressing of the society, compute
images/000010603.jpg	became very happy. He jumped into the hole and
images/000010604.jpg	,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know much a
images/000010605.jpg	“I wish that I had thought a little before jumpi
images/000010606.jpg	k over their problems with each other actively, 
images/000010607.jpg	eas are not cut from the same cloth. Parents
images/000010608.jpg	ver the road of the whole country with le
images/000010609.jpg	 trees in the forest. He was going to eat it for 
images/000010610.jpg	hole and when he opened the package, he saw th
images/000010611.jpg	arrow came flying to its nest. The monkeys were 
images/000010612.jpg	voices are not taken into account. These 
images/000010613.jpg	rmed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch presiden
images/000010614.jpg	ried. So a household consisting of three g
images/000010615.jpg	rful machine. Today it is used a great deal. Ther
images/000010616.jpg	ll. In order to improve the ability of English 
images/000010617.jpg	ere was nothing the merchant could do, except r
images/000010618.jpg	hell for several hours. He spent almost more t
images/000010619.jpg	les that demonstrate humanism. The spiri
images/000010620.jpg	e words for good. Use them to embrace the relati
images/000010621.jpg	 daily life, whether you admit it or not. When
images/000010622.jpg	e quickly. Further more, it gives us insigh
images/000010623.jpg	GapGeneration gap exists in our daily life, whet
images/000010624.jpg	ox immediately thought that there might 
images/000010625.jpg	erment and happiness of the people.His minist
images/000010626.jpg	a flock of fireflies. One of the young monkeys t
images/000010627.jpg	 and colourful butterfly comes from an unappea
images/000010628.jpg	s give them strength and courage. They b
images/000010629.jpg	rs were stunned to hear his order as it wou
images/000010630.jpg	hammer in the fence for 30 times on the fi
images/000010631.jpg	 always friendly, welcoming, and generous to 
images/000010632.jpg	ld generation is too conservative to accept an
images/000010633.jpg	ey were walking along together. They had not 
images/000010634.jpg	ut our winters.”It turned out Emily also did
images/000010635.jpg	d the butterfly. The butterfly had been struggli
images/000010636.jpg	ong as both sides keep their minds open to e
images/000010637.jpg	leasant characters. If we say that families of
images/000010638.jpg	he wound will remain there forever. Your bad tem
images/000010639.jpg	mple of humanistic behavior. In the event o
images/000010640.jpg	utterfly come out of the cocoon without an
images/000010641.jpg	ked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you see
images/000010642.jpg	oing to do many things that I want to do. For 
images/000010643.jpg	the example of humanistic behavior. In th
images/000010644.jpg	t for many years. I guess he is too busy
images/000010645.jpg	ghter and smaller and the wings would be beautif
images/000010646.jpg	en marked down over and over again so that
images/000010647.jpg	for different purposes. Some students need it t
images/000010648.jpg	n returned home again but re-loaded his donk
images/000010649.jpg	tely, the butterfly looked no longer beaut
images/000010650.jpg	entertain friends. The household is always fr
images/000010651.jpg	born? Why do we die? For all the answers, 
images/000010652.jpg	ear his order as it would destroy the life 
images/000010653.jpg	runk while he cut down trees in the forest
images/000010654.jpg	for the butterfly and removed the remaining 
images/000010655.jpg	 to our fellows. Occasional examples of human
images/000010656.jpg	er to cover the road of the whole country wi
images/000010657.jpg	hey just want me to be happy. I know I should 
images/000010658.jpg	er one was born, the first surroundings is 
images/000010659.jpg	 closer attention to our fellows. Occasion
images/000010660.jpg	and removed the remaining cocoon. The butt
images/000010661.jpg	ies are proud of their harmony and unity. Eac
images/000010662.jpg	ily and introduced her.“Emily is from the S
images/000010663.jpg	ng man's actions were the example of humanist
images/000010664.jpg	matter how hard he tried, he could not get out o
images/000010665.jpg	stunned to hear his order as it would destroy 
images/000010666.jpg	ry day as he had controlled his anger. Several da
images/000010667.jpg	eration gap comes into being. Some think tha
images/000010668.jpg	emerged like any other beautiful butterflies! Th
images/000010669.jpg	urs. The number climbs more than ten times u
images/000010670.jpg	ir of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to 
images/000010671.jpg	open to each other's outlooks on the world
images/000010672.jpg	enceIn a small village, a little boy live
images/000010673.jpg	he felt thirsty and decided to leave the tr
images/000010674.jpg	ed world humanism plays an important role
images/000010675.jpg	ies tend to have many pleasant characters. I
images/000010676.jpg	His mother and father consoled him in many wa
images/000010677.jpg	o didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who i
images/000010678.jpg	aling worm! Here is the story of a butterfly 
images/000010679.jpg	ulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making some e
images/000010680.jpg	uld not get out of the hole. Do you know why? Ye
images/000010681.jpg	e butterfly would have emerged like any o
images/000010682.jpg	 He could not tolerate the pain as he wal
images/000010683.jpg	bout Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?”
images/000010684.jpg	tunately, all their attempts failed. Finally, t
images/000010685.jpg	 country with leather so that people might feel c
images/000010686.jpg	ot of reading materials, which can also 
images/000010687.jpg	cer club,because I like playing soccer.Duri
images/000010688.jpg	 brilliant, and chronically depressed robot;
images/000010689.jpg	tinued: “I think all of you should take sh
images/000010690.jpg	Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the co
images/000010691.jpg	. However, no matter how hard he tried, he cou
images/000010692.jpg	t will help us to keep warm”.Suddenly they noti
images/000010693.jpg	 vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when m
images/000010694.jpg	for food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big 
images/000010695.jpg	me if I write to him?” Emily asked.“I don’t thin
images/000010696.jpg	n the Tree TrunkOnce upon a time, there was
images/000010697.jpg	e butterfly come out of the cocoon without any
images/000010698.jpg	are now widely applied in almost every fie
images/000010699.jpg	young man's actions were the example of human
images/000010700.jpg	ely more than in other countries' family. In Chi
images/000010701.jpg	th a knife, but the wound will remain ther
images/000010702.jpg	abulary. Don't feel embarrassed when maki
images/000010703.jpg	ything new. Their voices are not taken into ac
images/000010704.jpg	er gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked his s
images/000010705.jpg	er and mother. He was the only son for them. The 
images/000010706.jpg	e was no progress. It seemed that the butterf
images/000010707.jpg	he river and wasted all the bags of salt o
images/000010708.jpg	him to remove the nails every day as he 
images/000010709.jpg	 not cut from the same cloth. Parents may n
images/000010710.jpg	 the little boy were very depressed due to hi
images/000010711.jpg	 succeed in English learning. It requires
images/000010712.jpg	xplained, “brings presents and toys to hu
images/000010713.jpg	 immediately thought that there might be food in
images/000010714.jpg	 money also.A wise man from the ministry came
images/000010715.jpg	udents should have some ideal qualities to s
images/000010716.jpg	 was his first trip by foot to longer distanc
images/000010717.jpg	he wings expanded or enlarged nor the swol
images/000010718.jpg	t listen to the sparrow. They continued to blow
images/000010719.jpg	s of salt to go to the market in order to s
images/000010720.jpg	oy were very depressed due to his bad temper. 
images/000010721.jpg	ank, now deliberately, the donkey fell i
images/000010722.jpg	nals and attend English lectures, while some 
images/000010723.jpg	e boy told his father about the same.  The fathe
images/000010724.jpg	ther gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked hi
images/000010725.jpg	pened the package, he saw there were a lot of foo
images/000010726.jpg	ntertain friends. The household is always friendl
images/000010727.jpg	 must keep in mind that different things ap
images/000010728.jpg	 problem of generation gap, people's ideas 
images/000010729.jpg	 all oral activities. The more you speak, the
images/000010730.jpg	ren's character. As parents, they should lea
images/000010731.jpg	 You can remove the nails but still see the hole
images/000010732.jpg	ld consisting of three generations is common.
images/000010733.jpg	at there might be food in it, and he became
images/000010734.jpg	 elders' experience-based advice or set thems
images/000010735.jpg	he price has been marked down over and over again
images/000010736.jpg	s it was his first trip by foot to longer dista
images/000010737.jpg	rmed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch preside
images/000010738.jpg	old, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy ani
images/000010739.jpg	uddenly he caught sight of a big tree with a
images/000010740.jpg	ed to go on a travel to visit places of histor
images/000010741.jpg	er and smaller and the wings would be bea
images/000010742.jpg	 even though you find others speaking English b
images/000010743.jpg	ry time he became angry and to lose his te
images/000010744.jpg	moved the remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerge
images/000010745.jpg	e butterfly had been struggling very hard fo
images/000010746.jpg	s he walked all the way through the rough path
images/000010747.jpg	eed it to read English textbooks or jonrnals 
images/000010748.jpg	ove the nails every day as he had controlled his 
images/000010749.jpg	ojagig, a former graduate student obsessed w
images/000010750.jpg	 Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Ar
images/000010751.jpg	ildren's hairstyle and weird clothes. You
images/000010752.jpg	 in time. Both sides should talk over their pro
images/000010753.jpg	at maybe the old generation is too conserv
images/000010754.jpg	ts world. He decided to sit over and watch 
images/000010755.jpg	 mind that different things appeal to different 
images/000010756.jpg	 for good. Use them to embrace the relati
images/000010757.jpg	s Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen
images/000010758.jpg	travel by foot to interact with his people 
images/000010759.jpg	 remove the nails but still see the hole
images/000010760.jpg	 and tweaked the cocoon to make larger openin
images/000010761.jpg	al weeks, he returned to the palace. He was qu
images/000010762.jpg	t to kill the holy animal cow to cover the road w
images/000010763.jpg	uires much time, commitment and discipline to l
images/000010764.jpg	t from the same cloth. Parents may not be in fa
images/000010765.jpg	 stony. He could not tolerate the pain a
images/000010766.jpg	eaten so much food that he became too bi
images/000010767.jpg	and upset. He told himself, “I wish that I
images/000010768.jpg	s with the cocoon and the butterfly. The butterf
images/000010769.jpg	est parts in one's life.Family Life in Chi
images/000010770.jpg	his father told him to remove the nails eve
images/000010771.jpg	avel by foot to interact with his people a
images/000010772.jpg	nkey slipped and fell into the river and notic
images/000010773.jpg	ort, the most essential quality for successful 
images/000010774.jpg	lan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried
images/000010775.jpg	y set free the firefly and moved to a nea
images/000010776.jpg	f nails. He asked his son to hammer one nail 
images/000010777.jpg	 that families offer the environment of livi
images/000010778.jpg	 the edge of the forest and searched there for f
images/000010779.jpg	 my paper to my parents, they are so happy to 
images/000010780.jpg	people can afford their own personal computer
images/000010781.jpg	monkeys were sitting on the same tree. S
images/000010782.jpg	terfly and removed the remaining cocoon. 
images/000010783.jpg	 to cover the road of the whole country with 
images/000010784.jpg	rs speaking English better than you. Parti
images/000010785.jpg	ld as it is, so they are the dearest parts i
images/000010786.jpg	nd totally out-to-lunch president of the gal
images/000010787.jpg	he edge of the forest and searched there for
images/000010788.jpg	the butterfly looked no longer beautiful and 
images/000010789.jpg	 soldier extended a helping hand to the old m
images/000010790.jpg	ove my skills.Second I will go to my grandma's h
images/000010791.jpg	ely, all their attempts failed. Finally, th
images/000010792.jpg	 been posing as an out-of-work actor.Tog
images/000010793.jpg	tant places were so happy to have a conversat
images/000010794.jpg	. You can remove the nails but still see the hol
images/000010795.jpg	other. He was the only son for them. The
images/000010796.jpg	aid, “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not r
images/000010797.jpg	as very hungry. No matter how hard he trie
images/000010798.jpg	e to the king and said that he had another idea.
images/000010799.jpg	e water. But instead of the load becoming light
images/000010800.jpg	computer is a wonderful machine. Today it is us
images/000010801.jpg	 The monkeys were sitting on the same tree. She
images/000010802.jpg	 alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why 
images/000010803.jpg	ammer in the fence for 30 times on the first da
images/000010804.jpg	treat our fellows with respect and tolerance, m
images/000010805.jpg	 some fire. It will help us to keep warm
images/000010806.jpg	ss her very much.I want to stay with her fo
images/000010807.jpg	he connections between children and the soc
images/000010808.jpg	m to hammer in the fence for 30 times on the firs
images/000010809.jpg	fell into the water. But instead of the loa
images/000010810.jpg	e time the monkeys became very tired. Now 
images/000010811.jpg	ook the same! It has scars all over! You can
images/000010812.jpg	asons why generation gap comes into being. S
images/000010813.jpg	old woodcutter had placed the food in the
images/000010814.jpg	from the fence. However, there remained a few n
images/000010815.jpg	m is a system of beliefs that focuses on co
images/000010816.jpg	ls.Second I will go to my grandma's house,bec
images/000010817.jpg	Thus, the body would become lighter and smalle
images/000010818.jpg	ends give them strength and courage. They both
images/000010819.jpg	ese families are hospitable. The family gathe
images/000010820.jpg	d shelter, while friends give them strengt
images/000010821.jpg	s Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last fifte
images/000010822.jpg	our winters.”It turned out Emily also didn’t 
images/000010823.jpg	glish well. In order to improve the ability of En
images/000010824.jpg	civilized world humanism plays an important role
images/000010825.jpg	o misfortunes.The king decided to go on a travel
images/000010826.jpg	s of the meaning of humanism. If we treat
images/000010827.jpg	the first surroundings is the family in which he 
images/000010828.jpg	tors may influence a person's growth. There a
images/000010829.jpg	 was his alternative idea. The minister told, 
images/000010830.jpg	 I will go to my grandma's house,because I 
images/000010831.jpg	tion gap comes into being. Some think tha
images/000010832.jpg	rflies decided to help the butterfly. He g
images/000010833.jpg	ey are so happy to see me do well in the exam. 
images/000010834.jpg	Students should have some ideal qualities to 
images/000010835.jpg	English textbooks or jonrnals and attend Englis
images/000010836.jpg	oser attention to our fellows. Occasional example
images/000010837.jpg	. The family gathers together to celebrate holi
images/000010838.jpg	 it would cost a huge amount of money also.
images/000010839.jpg	ith her for several days.Last I will help m
images/000010840.jpg	father and mother. He was the only son for t
images/000010841.jpg	n, at the same time they must keep in mind that 
images/000010842.jpg	ith each other actively, sincerely and frank
images/000010843.jpg	dents need English and they need it for 
images/000010844.jpg	hing the river he again fell into the water.
images/000010845.jpg	 were hammered on people. You can remove 
images/000010846.jpg	t opinions on the reasons why generation gap 
images/000010847.jpg	e is the story of a butterfly that was ne
images/000010848.jpg	se! Use words for good. Use them to embrac
images/000010849.jpg	f. One day, my parents tell me that they 
images/000010850.jpg	tterflies. He knew how a butterfly would 
images/000010851.jpg	idated even though you find others speak
images/000010852.jpg	 food in the tree trunk while he cut down 
images/000010853.jpg	rfly would struggle to transform from an ugl
images/000010854.jpg	veral weeks, he returned to the palace. He was
images/000010855.jpg	he wings, shrink the body and the wings could 
images/000010856.jpg	 wings, shrink the body and the wings could s
images/000010857.jpg	perous life with abundance of wealth and no 
images/000010858.jpg	 into wings. Thus, the body would become light
images/000010859.jpg	eps our minds open to better ways of seeing 
images/000010860.jpg	ination of colours. In fact, he used to spend 
images/000010861.jpg	er.During the summer holiday, I want to practice 
images/000010862.jpg	 things appeal to different generations. Those 
images/000010863.jpg	ery day as he had controlled his anger. 
images/000010864.jpg	he environment of living, friends make another 
images/000010865.jpg	 in English learning. It requires much time, co
images/000010866.jpg	t themselves against what the elders have b
images/000010867.jpg	and unity. Each member of the family contri
images/000010868.jpg	her countries' family. In China, children live w
images/000010869.jpg	g generation is keen on are disgusting t
images/000010870.jpg	 daily life, whether you admit it or not. When 
images/000010871.jpg	ter. He ordered for a pair of leather shoes
images/000010872.jpg	eezing. A group of monkeys were on a tree. Th
images/000010873.jpg	The young man's actions were the example o
images/000010874.jpg	 to the elders' experience-based advice or set th
images/000010875.jpg	ntrolled his anger. Several days passed a
images/000010876.jpg	hen he opened the package, he saw there 
images/000010877.jpg	ly, the butterfly just crawled around wit
images/000010878.jpg	of "The Right Son at the Right Time". The soldie
images/000010879.jpg	oser attention to our fellows. Occasional ex
images/000010880.jpg	art!After several weeks, he returned to th
images/000010881.jpg	g on the same tree. She noticed what they wer
images/000010882.jpg	nions on the reasons why generation gap come
images/000010883.jpg	the body and the wings could support the body.
images/000010884.jpg	were like that! Words are more painful than ph
images/000010885.jpg	d do, except return home where he loaded hi
images/000010886.jpg	ltures and keeps our minds open to better ways
images/000010887.jpg	spectively more than in other countries'
images/000010888.jpg	ciety, computers are now widely applied in almost
images/000010889.jpg	body would become lighter and smaller and
images/000010890.jpg	e edge of the forest and searched there for fo
images/000010891.jpg	 comprehension, one should get access to
images/000010892.jpg	uid stored in the body convert into wings. 
images/000010893.jpg	 told his father about the same.  The father 
images/000010894.jpg	 offer the environment of living, friends mak
images/000010895.jpg	hildren?” Emily asked.Short Stories - Chri
images/000010896.jpg	n one's life.Family Life in ChinaThe mem
images/000010897.jpg	ourful butterfly comes from an unappealing wor
images/000010898.jpg	. These different ideas disturb both of 
images/000010899.jpg	exam, I will show my paper to my parents, they
images/000010900.jpg	ort Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne b
images/000010901.jpg	, the butterfly might expand the wings, shri
images/000010902.jpg	 butterfly. He got a pair of scissors and tweake
images/000010903.jpg	fits to us. It makes us do things more quick
images/000010904.jpg	a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that the but
images/000010905.jpg	a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked o
images/000010906.jpg	gling to break the shell for several hours. He s
images/000010907.jpg	e problem. As long as both sides keep their 
images/000010908.jpg	harmony and unity. Each member of the family c
images/000010909.jpg	the example of humanistic behavior. In t
images/000010910.jpg	at distant places. He decided to travel b
images/000010911.jpg	uess he is too busy visiting all the human ch
images/000010912.jpg	lmost every field of our life. Meanwhile, t
images/000010913.jpg	 Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zap
images/000010914.jpg	nstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism i
images/000010915.jpg	 I do well in the exam, they just want me
images/000010916.jpg	duties, including the children. Chinese familie
images/000010917.jpg	ed the donkey’s trick. He then returned hom
images/000010918.jpg	s and could see his fellow people leadin
images/000010919.jpg	ught a lot of benefits to us. It makes us do 
images/000010920.jpg	ted all the bags of salt on its back agai
images/000010921.jpg	her beautiful butterflies! The continuous eff
images/000010922.jpg	t the fluid stored in the body convert i
images/000010923.jpg	y get married. So a household consisting of th
images/000010924.jpg	, shaking his head.“You see. Santa Clau
images/000010925.jpg	ng things. Computers largely broaden our vis
images/000010926.jpg	f our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of
images/000010927.jpg	he butterfly looked no longer beautiful an
images/000010928.jpg	laus,” I explained, “brings presents and toys
images/000010929.jpg	ce for 30 times on the first day! Every ti
images/000010930.jpg	 nail to the fence every time he became angry and
images/000010931.jpg	 he forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends
images/000010932.jpg	ime the monkeys became very tired. Now they re
images/000010933.jpg	 The father appreciated him and asked him poi
images/000010934.jpg	iful wings.He thought that at any time, t
images/000010935.jpg	 examples that demonstrate humanism. The s
images/000010936.jpg	field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to th
images/000010937.jpg	it under a dry leaf and started blowing at it.So
images/000010938.jpg	in many ways to give up his anger and devel
images/000010939.jpg	 play an important role in shaping child
images/000010940.jpg	able. The family gathers together to celebr
images/000010941.jpg	o talk to English-speakers, attend seminars,
images/000010942.jpg	complained to his ministers that the road
images/000010943.jpg	 will jion a soccer club,because I like playing
images/000010944.jpg	 the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a fe
images/000010945.jpg	ile friends give them strength and courage. They
images/000010946.jpg	 I were busy building a snowman when Frit
images/000010947.jpg	 The merchant and his donkey were walking along 
images/000010948.jpg	leading a propitious life. However, he had regret
images/000010949.jpg	 know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food th
images/000010950.jpg	 with his people and accompany them. People o
images/000010951.jpg	e Tree TrunkOnce upon a time, there was a hungry
images/000010952.jpg	the number of nails hammered to the fence wa
images/000010953.jpg	young man's actions were the example of 
images/000010954.jpg	m. Most of the things that young generatio
images/000010955.jpg	ildren's personality. Friends are the conn
images/000010956.jpg	to be happy. I know I should relax myself
images/000010957.jpg	 an ugly caterpillar into a beautiful one.He saw
images/000010958.jpg	ndness. Unfortunately, all their attempts failed
images/000010959.jpg	may influence a person's growth. There are two
images/000010960.jpg	it was fire.He caught a firefly. He put i
images/000010961.jpg	 love for butterflies decided to help the b
images/000010962.jpg	e a piece of leather cut in appropriate sh
images/000010963.jpg	 children's first teachers, so family do
images/000010964.jpg	 lighter and smaller and the wings would
images/000010965.jpg	the fence and hammered a nail. In the next few 
images/000010966.jpg	idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill
images/000010967.jpg	roup of monkeys were on a tree. They were cling
images/000010968.jpg	nglish learning. It requires much time, com
images/000010969.jpg	 returned to the palace. He was quite happy 
images/000010970.jpg	like any other beautiful butterflies! The continu
images/000010971.jpg	han 10 hours with the cocoon and the but
images/000010972.jpg	ther cut in appropriate shape to cover your fee
images/000010973.jpg	ortunes.The king decided to go on a travel to
images/000010974.jpg	ed, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lu
images/000010975.jpg	. But instead of the load becoming lighter,
images/000010976.jpg	 ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch president 
images/000010977.jpg	 a wonderful machine. Today it is used a great d
images/000010978.jpg	fly come out of the cocoon without any more stru
images/000010979.jpg	g asked - what was his alternative idea. The m
images/000010980.jpg	ed into the hole and when he opened the packa
images/000010981.jpg	se it to talk to English-speakers, attend
images/000010982.jpg	parents even after they get married. So a house
images/000010983.jpg	your bad temper and they were hammered on people.
images/000010984.jpg	coon. The butterfly emerged without any s
images/000010985.jpg	well in the exam. I want to be happy all the t
images/000010986.jpg	teachers, so family does play an important r
images/000010987.jpg	urs and even his friends due to anger. He i
images/000010988.jpg	 its wonderful combination of colours. In fact
images/000010989.jpg	 order to cover the road of the whole country wit
images/000010990.jpg	lso help accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary
images/000010991.jpg	y much.I want to stay with her for several days.
images/000010992.jpg	nt me to be happy. I know I should relax myse
images/000010993.jpg	, which can also help accumulate and enlarge y
images/000010994.jpg	ortant role in shaping children's character. As
images/000010995.jpg	 could not find food. Finally he went to
images/000010996.jpg	holy animal cow to cover the road with leather?
images/000010997.jpg	, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically dep
images/000010998.jpg	role in shaping children's character. As paren
images/000010999.jpg	 a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked o
images/000011000.jpg	s donkey were walking along together. They ha
images/000011001.jpg	 money also.A wise man from the ministry
images/000011002.jpg	most all the students need English and they ne
images/000011003.jpg	stance. He complained to his ministers that
images/000011004.jpg	rt, the most essential quality for success
images/000011005.jpg	ecause I miss her very much.I want to st
images/000011006.jpg	d the society, so by contacting with friends one 
images/000011007.jpg	en warmth, care and shelter, while friend
images/000011008.jpg	linging to its branches. One of the monkeys sa
images/000011009.jpg	began a journey through space aided by a galaxyf
images/000011010.jpg	 cannot pull out a few nails. The fence never
images/000011011.jpg	his fellow people leading a propitious life. How
images/000011012.jpg	used to spend a lot of time around butterflie
images/000011013.jpg	nd to socialize together, with several g
images/000011014.jpg	amilies offer the environment of living, f
images/000011015.jpg	nce. He complained to his ministers that th
images/000011016.jpg	ourney through space aided by a galaxyful of f
images/000011017.jpg	exam. I want to be happy all the time. B
images/000011018.jpg	an get into the society and become sociable.In 
images/000011019.jpg	arge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrasse
images/000011020.jpg	et competition, the price has been marked down ov
images/000011021.jpg	ral weeks, he returned to the palace. He was
images/000011022.jpg	ion in the evening.The Importance of Huma
images/000011023.jpg	flies. One of the young monkeys thought i
images/000011024.jpg	ould get access to a lot of reading materials, wh
images/000011025.jpg	 several days that he did not hammer any nail 
images/000011026.jpg	ather told him to remove the nails every day as h
images/000011027.jpg	gathers together to celebrate holidays an
images/000011028.jpg	 food that he became too big to fit through the 
images/000011029.jpg	nkey’s trick. He then returned home again but 
images/000011030.jpg	t by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher f
images/000011031.jpg	er the rule of a king. The people of the ki
images/000011032.jpg	am. I want to be happy all the time. But I 
images/000011033.jpg	iberately, the donkey fell into the river 
images/000011034.jpg	 remove the nails but still see the holes in t
images/000011035.jpg	 through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, eve
images/000011036.jpg	tely, the donkey fell into the river and w
images/000011037.jpg	 taking care of me, she also has to work. Theref
images/000011038.jpg	lp her in the holidays.What will you do on Sum
images/000011039.jpg	He continued to watch the butterfly and he
images/000011040.jpg	shed to make way for a galactic freeway, 
images/000011041.jpg	o is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shive
images/000011042.jpg	into the river and wasted all the bags of salt on
images/000011043.jpg	 do. For exampie,first I will jion a soccer c
images/000011044.jpg	struggling to break the shell for several 
images/000011045.jpg	nd silent night. The weather was freezin
images/000011046.jpg	 than in other countries' family. In China, ch
images/000011047.jpg	 realized what the sparrow had said was co
images/000011048.jpg	 a firefly, not real fire”.The sparrow continue
images/000011049.jpg	roud of.People have different opinions 
images/000011050.jpg	the world as it is, so they are the dearest
images/000011051.jpg	ven after they get married. So a household 
images/000011052.jpg	eant that the butterfly was trying to make its w
images/000011053.jpg	ess can remind us of the meaning of huma
images/000011054.jpg	m the butterfly to come out of its cocoon wou
images/000011055.jpg	mer in the fence for 30 times on the first 
images/000011056.jpg	eather shoes for him and requested the coun
images/000011057.jpg	 forgot what he spoke in anger, his frien
images/000011058.jpg	me ideal qualities to succeed in English le
images/000011059.jpg	earn English well. In order to improve th
images/000011060.jpg	orld as it is, so they are the dearest parts in 
images/000011061.jpg	 for the revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Gu
images/000011062.jpg	ence. Again, you cannot pull out a few nail
images/000011063.jpg	ering around the television in the eveni
images/000011064.jpg	ooks on the world, the gap between them wi
images/000011065.jpg	on people. You can remove the nails but 
images/000011066.jpg	 want to undergo any struggle, we won’t be able
images/000011067.jpg	agig, a former graduate student obsessed with the
images/000011068.jpg	ly struggling to break the shell for severa
images/000011069.jpg	ets his mind on it.Views on Generation Ga
images/000011070.jpg	ds give them strength and courage. They bo
images/000011071.jpg	ing, a merchant loaded his donkey with bags of 
images/000011072.jpg	 make another important part in shaping children
images/000011073.jpg	dings is the family in which he will grow
images/000011074.jpg	ng of humanism. If we treat our fellows with 
images/000011075.jpg	o the society and become sociable.In a wo
images/000011076.jpg	nfluence a person's growth. There are two ap
images/000011077.jpg	d a craze for its wonderful combination of colo
images/000011078.jpg	puter has brought a lot of benefits to us. 
images/000011079.jpg	gain so that many people can afford their own p
images/000011080.jpg	haking his head.“You see. Santa Claus is onl
images/000011081.jpg	The computer is a wonderful machine. Tod
images/000011082.jpg	rlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a coc
images/000011083.jpg	nails but still see the holes in the fen
images/000011084.jpg	ke shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did n
images/000011085.jpg	o has to work. Therefore, I want to help 
images/000011086.jpg	 the gap between them will be narrowed down 
images/000011087.jpg	lose his temper. The little boy found it hi
images/000011088.jpg	ily contributes to household duties, including 
images/000011089.jpg	ediately thought that there might be food in it
images/000011090.jpg	ked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you
images/000011091.jpg	on't be intimidated even though you find oth
images/000011092.jpg	inued: “I think all of you should take shel
images/000011093.jpg	added, shaking his head.“You see. Santa Cl
images/000011094.jpg	d love for butterflies decided to help the but
images/000011095.jpg	or its wonderful combination of colours. In
images/000011096.jpg	body would become lighter and smaller and the w
images/000011097.jpg	airstyle and weird clothes. Young people eit
images/000011098.jpg	 and keep the lines of communications with th
images/000011099.jpg	ccumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't fee
images/000011100.jpg	“brings presents and toys to human children at Ch
images/000011101.jpg	cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly had 
images/000011102.jpg	e out of its cocoon would let the fluid stored in
images/000011103.jpg	leasant characters. If we say that famil
images/000011104.jpg	should take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did 
images/000011105.jpg	 Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne bea
images/000011106.jpg	body reduced.Unfortunately, the butterfly j
images/000011107.jpg	 good intention, only going through the struggles
images/000011108.jpg	s of human goodness can remind us of the meaning 
images/000011109.jpg	 all over! You can stab a man with a knif
images/000011110.jpg	a knife, but the wound will remain there f
images/000011111.jpg	he visited many pilgrim centres and could s
images/000011112.jpg	break the shell for several hours. He spent alm
images/000011113.jpg	 gap exists in our daily life, whether you admit 
images/000011114.jpg	 trip by foot to longer distance. He compl
images/000011115.jpg	 hospitable. The family gathers together to c
images/000011116.jpg	ipline to learn English well. In order to 
images/000011117.jpg	ntertain friends. The household is always fr
images/000011118.jpg	ite letters, etc.Students should have some i
images/000011119.jpg	me housework. She was really tired when I w
images/000011120.jpg	the better. Humanism makes the world a more beaut
images/000011121.jpg	 gathering around the television in the evening.
images/000011122.jpg	al weeks, he returned to the palace. He was 
images/000011123.jpg	 shell for several hours. He spent almost more t
images/000011124.jpg	s reduced and the day arrived when no nail was
images/000011125.jpg	Except for taking care of me, she also has
images/000011126.jpg	e sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys t
images/000011127.jpg	 get angry very soon and taunt others with his w
images/000011128.jpg	ags of salt to go to the market in order to s
images/000011129.jpg	 help us to keep warm”.Suddenly they not
images/000011130.jpg	y his suggestionand applauded the ministe
images/000011131.jpg	onkey slipped and fell into the river and no
images/000011132.jpg	 The father appreciated him and asked him pointin
images/000011133.jpg	vision in the evening.The Importance of Human
images/000011134.jpg	 a butterfly would struggle to transform 
images/000011135.jpg	gles. He continued to watch the butterfly and 
images/000011136.jpg	oud that their king was so kind with a go
images/000011137.jpg	ce in face of hardship. Don't be intimidated e
images/000011138.jpg	ts branches. One of the monkeys said, “I
images/000011139.jpg	cktail party once upon a time zone; Marvin, 
images/000011140.jpg	 more, it gives us insights into other cu
images/000011141.jpg	erflies decided to help the butterfly. He
images/000011142.jpg	of historical importance and pilgrim cen
images/000011143.jpg	em. The parents of the little boy were ver
images/000011144.jpg	essed due to his bad temper. The boy used to 
images/000011145.jpg	es tend to have many pleasant characters. I
images/000011146.jpg	riends are the connections between children 
images/000011147.jpg	y difficult to hammer the nails and decided to 
images/000011148.jpg	 anything new. Their voices are not taken 
images/000011149.jpg	le. You can remove the nails but still see the 
images/000011150.jpg	 of leather and it would cost a huge amount 
images/000011151.jpg	 again.The merchant quickly discovered the donk
images/000011152.jpg	ings that I want to do. For exampie,first I
images/000011153.jpg	Except for taking care of me, she also has to w
images/000011154.jpg	denly he caught sight of a big tree with a ho
images/000011155.jpg	ne can get into the society and become sociable
images/000011156.jpg	ral activities. The more you speak, the better y
images/000011157.jpg	ldren's personality. Friends are the connecti
images/000011158.jpg	d to use it to talk to English-speakers, attend 
images/000011159.jpg	 event of a life-threatening emergency, hum
images/000011160.jpg	ghed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a
images/000011161.jpg	m centres at distant places. He decided to tra
images/000011162.jpg	of a life-threatening emergency, humanism can be
images/000011163.jpg	stab a man with a knife, but the wound wi
images/000011164.jpg	 a cold and silent night. The weather was f
images/000011165.jpg	hard he tried, he could not get out of the ho
images/000011166.jpg	He got a pair of scissors and tweaked the
images/000011167.jpg	o a household consisting of three generation
images/000011168.jpg	 the boy did not lose his temper. He told his fa
images/000011169.jpg	irlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at 
images/000011170.jpg	le to fly all through its life.Although th
images/000011171.jpg	ife of thousands of cows to get the sufficient
images/000011172.jpg	t of benefits to us. It makes us do things m
images/000011173.jpg	what they were doing. The sparrow laughed. She sa
images/000011174.jpg	ing, he felt thirsty and decided to leave the 
images/000011175.jpg	 whole country with leather so that people mi
images/000011176.jpg	came very happy. He jumped into the hole an
images/000011177.jpg	to change this for the betterment and happ
images/000011178.jpg	aThe members in a Chinese family are respective
images/000011179.jpg	e day, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflie
images/000011180.jpg	n children and the society, so by contacting wi
images/000011181.jpg	iety and become sociable.In a word, fami
images/000011182.jpg	ther and mother. He was the only son for
images/000011183.jpg	galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the 
images/000011184.jpg	through the rough path.He said he was ve
images/000011185.jpg	tay with her for several days.Last I will 
images/000011186.jpg	ppy all the time. But I have put so much pr
images/000011187.jpg	them will be narrowed down in time. Both 
images/000011188.jpg	ough the struggles the butterfly would have e
images/000011189.jpg	rations should be responsible for solving t
images/000011190.jpg	sible for solving the problem. As long as bot
images/000011191.jpg	es are hospitable. The family gathers togethe
images/000011192.jpg	did not listen to the sparrow. They conti
images/000011193.jpg	st trip by foot to longer distance. He comp
images/000011194.jpg	t things appeal to different generations. Tho
images/000011195.jpg	 computers per week, ranging from about 1.5 ho
images/000011196.jpg	hildren and keep the lines of communications 
images/000011197.jpg	ow deliberately, the donkey fell into the river a
images/000011198.jpg	 playing soccer.During the summer holiday,
images/000011199.jpg	importance and pilgrim centres at distant place
images/000011200.jpg	 foolish, tricky donkey again set on its way
images/000011201.jpg	ess. Unfortunately, all their attempts fa
images/000011202.jpg	 English well. In order to improve the abi
images/000011203.jpg	aphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick u
images/000011204.jpg	g, friends make another important part in shaping
images/000011205.jpg	 centres and could see his fellow people le
images/000011206.jpg	le boy found it very difficult to hammer t
images/000011207.jpg	s of historical importance and pilgrim centr
images/000011208.jpg	 reduced.Unfortunately, the butterfly jus
images/000011209.jpg	o enjoy its world. He decided to sit over and
images/000011210.jpg	pened the package, he saw there were a lot of foo
images/000011211.jpg	 life.Although the man did it with good 
images/000011212.jpg	y looked no longer beautiful and had a swollen 
images/000011213.jpg	eat it for his lunch.The fox happily began t
images/000011214.jpg	 may influence a person's growth. There are tw
images/000011215.jpg	Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail pa
images/000011216.jpg	ressed due to his bad temper. The boy used to get
images/000011217.jpg	for different purposes. Some students need it 
images/000011218.jpg	d this part of the forest for many years. I gue
images/000011219.jpg	said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly,
images/000011220.jpg	oon and the butterfly. The butterfly had bee
images/000011221.jpg	re are these pens? Why are we born? Why do we die
images/000011222.jpg	the kingdom were very happy as they had 
images/000011223.jpg	he weather was freezing. A group of monkeys we
images/000011224.jpg	he example of humanistic behavior. In the 
images/000011225.jpg	with tiny opening. It meant that the butterfl
images/000011226.jpg	rtant role in the maintenance of our society. H
images/000011227.jpg	son to hammer one nail to the fence every
images/000011228.jpg	, stick your thumb to the stars!Summer h
images/000011229.jpg	ling worm! Here is the story of a butterfly 
images/000011230.jpg	ou know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much f
images/000011231.jpg	time he became angry and to lose his temper
images/000011232.jpg	 Merchant and his DonkeyShort Stories - A Merc
images/000011233.jpg	hod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up
images/000011234.jpg	well. In order to improve the ability of English
images/000011235.jpg	 of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of
images/000011236.jpg	word, families offer children warmth, care a
images/000011237.jpg	why generation gap comes into being. Some th
images/000011238.jpg	arry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy bui
images/000011239.jpg	ghbours and even his friends due to anger. He
images/000011240.jpg	lmost every field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks 
images/000011241.jpg	rflies decided to help the butterfly. He
images/000011242.jpg	ed to this phenomenon? As far as I know, 
images/000011243.jpg	s but still see the holes in the fence. 
images/000011244.jpg	 stored in the body convert into wings. Thus, the
images/000011245.jpg	t a pair of scissors and tweaked the coc
images/000011246.jpg	unch president of the galaxy; Trillian (formerl
images/000011247.jpg	 the hole was a package. The hungry fox i
images/000011248.jpg	eople might feel comfortable, immediately.T
images/000011249.jpg	 little niece Emily and introduced her.“E
images/000011250.jpg	 their parents even after they get marri
images/000011251.jpg	erchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring
images/000011252.jpg	the other is friends.After one was born, 
images/000011253.jpg	ething to eat. He was very hungry. No mat
images/000011254.jpg	and silent night. The weather was freezing. A gro
images/000011255.jpg	by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for 
images/000011256.jpg	resident of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tric
images/000011257.jpg	 the wings could support the body.  Unfortunatel
images/000011258.jpg	, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail p
images/000011259.jpg	demolished to make way for a galactic freeway, Ar
images/000011260.jpg	p, people's ideas are not cut from the same
images/000011261.jpg	 along those roads as it would be painful for 
images/000011262.jpg	 Chinese families tend to socialize together,
images/000011263.jpg	. Young people either turn a deaf ear to t
images/000011264.jpg	re the connections between children and t
images/000011265.jpg	don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him
images/000011266.jpg	 fluid stored in the body convert into wings. T
images/000011267.jpg	 as I know, it involves several reasons.
images/000011268.jpg	cover the road with leather? Rather, you can
images/000011269.jpg	s father gave him a huge bag of nails. H
images/000011270.jpg	ws. Occasional examples of human goodness 
images/000011271.jpg	 enjoy its world. He decided to sit over and w
images/000011272.jpg	r came up with an idea.One day, his father g
images/000011273.jpg	eading materials, which can also help accumulate 
images/000011274.jpg	ew nails. The fence never look the same! It 
images/000011275.jpg	ned home again but re-loaded his donkey with 
images/000011276.jpg	s,” I explained, “brings presents and toys to hum
images/000011277.jpg	t been around this part of the forest for
images/000011278.jpg	pplauded the minister. He ordered for a pair of
images/000011279.jpg	s from an unappealing worm! Here is the sto
images/000011280.jpg	ocialize together, with several generations g
images/000011281.jpg	an a journey through space aided by a galaxyfu
images/000011282.jpg	qualities to succeed in English learning. It requ
images/000011283.jpg	 temper and they were hammered on people. Y
images/000011284.jpg	soldier extended a helping hand to the old man 
images/000011285.jpg	w a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had
images/000011286.jpg	bination of colours. In fact, he used to spend a 
images/000011287.jpg	vities. The more you speak, the better your spoke
images/000011288.jpg	sights into other cultures and keeps our minds op
images/000011289.jpg	me time they must keep in mind that differen
images/000011290.jpg	d could see his fellow people leading a propi
images/000011291.jpg	n home where he loaded his donkey with more b
images/000011292.jpg	ood intention, only going through the st
images/000011293.jpg	ever able to fly all through its life.Although 
images/000011294.jpg	 the problem. As long as both sides keep 
images/000011295.jpg	spect and tolerance, many things may turn out fo
images/000011296.jpg	nce. Again, you cannot pull out a few nail
images/000011297.jpg	rfly fly with its beautiful wings.He thought tha
images/000011298.jpg	d happiness of the people.His ministers were s
images/000011299.jpg	the same! It has scars all over! You can stab a m
images/000011300.jpg	 returned to the palace. He was quite happ
images/000011301.jpg	 betterment and happiness of the people.His min
images/000011302.jpg	n the world is difficult for one who set
images/000011303.jpg	 write to him?” Emily asked.“I don’t think 
images/000011304.jpg	as freezing. A group of monkeys were on 
images/000011305.jpg	er the nails and decided to control his tem
images/000011306.jpg	h about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, W
images/000011307.jpg	want to undergo any struggle, we won’t be a
images/000011308.jpg	he trunk and drink some water from a nearby sp
images/000011309.jpg	 do what his father said.The nails drove him
images/000011310.jpg	first surroundings is the family in which he 
images/000011311.jpg	have emerged like any other beautiful butterf
images/000011312.jpg	 wise man from the ministry came to the king
images/000011313.jpg	ter has brought a lot of benefits to us. It make
images/000011314.jpg	 butterflies. He knew how a butterfly would s
images/000011315.jpg	tterfly and removed the remaining cocoon. The but
images/000011316.jpg	t walked far when they reached a river on the ro
images/000011317.jpg	ept return home where he loaded his donkey wit
images/000011318.jpg	 were sitting on the same tree. She noticed what 
images/000011319.jpg	 friends. The household is always friendly, we
images/000011320.jpg	imals.”“Do you think he will come if I write t
images/000011321.jpg	cipate in all oral activities. The more yo
images/000011322.jpg	Friends are the connections between children a
images/000011323.jpg	h can also help accumulate and enlarge y
images/000011324.jpg	w they realized what the sparrow had said was c
images/000011325.jpg	riends. The household is always friendly, welco
images/000011326.jpg	through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even 
images/000011327.jpg	rfly. The butterfly had been struggling very hard
images/000011328.jpg	d robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former gradua
images/000011329.jpg	t he visited many pilgrim centres and could s
images/000011330.jpg	 focuses on common human needs and seeks 
images/000011331.jpg	ew how a butterfly would struggle to transfo
images/000011332.jpg	 the cocoon to make larger opening for the
images/000011333.jpg	f the forest for many years. I guess he is t
images/000011334.jpg	10 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly. T
images/000011335.jpg	e two apparent factors which affect a person's 
images/000011336.jpg	ered! Yet, the boy did not lose his temper. He to
images/000011337.jpg	 He decided to sit over and watch how the b
images/000011338.jpg	ded, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lu
images/000011339.jpg	was very sad and upset. He told himself, “I 
images/000011340.jpg	on common human needs and seeks rational ways of 
images/000011341.jpg	stem of beliefs that focuses on common human n
images/000011342.jpg	 has brought a lot of benefits to us. It makes u
images/000011343.jpg	 his feet as it was his first trip by fo
images/000011344.jpg	 king asked - what was his alternative idea. The
images/000011345.jpg	 whether you admit it or not. When it comes to t
images/000011346.jpg	n. Chinese families tend to socialize toge
images/000011347.jpg	ud of their harmony and unity. Each member o
images/000011348.jpg	 generations should be responsible for so
images/000011349.jpg	 his head.“You see. Santa Claus is only for hu
images/000011350.jpg	oad with leather? Rather, you can just have a pie
images/000011351.jpg	e bags of salt loaded on his back became light
images/000011352.jpg	nce of our society. Humanism calls for us to pay
images/000011353.jpg	mprehension, one should get access to a l
images/000011354.jpg	ey reached the slippery riverbank, now deliberat
images/000011355.jpg	ere were a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit
images/000011356.jpg	 very much.I want to stay with her for s
images/000011357.jpg	mmer one nail to the fence every time he became 
images/000011358.jpg	ld have some ideal qualities to succeed 
images/000011359.jpg	 return home where he loaded his donkey with more
images/000011360.jpg	o had a passion and love for butterflies decided
images/000011361.jpg	though the man did it with good intention, o
images/000011362.jpg	 Prefect, a researcher for the revised edit
images/000011363.jpg	 and upset. He told himself, “I wish that I had
images/000011364.jpg	 Don't be intimidated even though you find 
images/000011365.jpg	example of humanistic behavior. In the event of
images/000011366.jpg	I want to stay with her for several days.Last I
images/000011367.jpg	lliant, and chronically depressed robot; 
images/000011368.jpg	 even his friends due to anger. He invited a
images/000011369.jpg	s that the boy could not pull out.The boy
images/000011370.jpg	he fierce market competition, the price ha
images/000011371.jpg	 its way to enjoy its world. He decided t
images/000011372.jpg	re are two apparent factors which affect 
images/000011373.jpg	our poor firefly.After some time the monkey
images/000011374.jpg	 beliefs that focuses on common human nee
images/000011375.jpg	s up, indicating computers are playing a mo
images/000011376.jpg	 the body convert into wings. Thus, the body wou
images/000011377.jpg	phod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick
images/000011378.jpg	He decided to sit over and watch how the b
images/000011379.jpg	 the same.  The father appreciated him and
images/000011380.jpg	. The more you speak, the better your sp
images/000011381.jpg	lmost every field of our life. Meanwhile,
images/000011382.jpg	had finished eating, he felt thirsty and dec
images/000011383.jpg	ld generation is too conservative to accep
images/000011384.jpg	rthur Dent is plucked off the planet by his frien
images/000011385.jpg	actors may influence a person's growth. There a
images/000011386.jpg	any nail and he did not lose his temper!
images/000011387.jpg	aces of historical importance and pilgri
images/000011388.jpg	rge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed w
images/000011389.jpg	insights into other cultures and keeps o
images/000011390.jpg	hemselves against what the elders have b
images/000011391.jpg	g hand to the old man in time of need. The 
images/000011392.jpg	tions. Those who grow up in happy families ten
images/000011393.jpg	ith withered wings and huge body. It was 
images/000011394.jpg	t characters. If we say that families offer the 
images/000011395.jpg	a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and 
images/000011396.jpg	ody with small and withered wings.The man was h
images/000011397.jpg	ld not tolerate the pain as he walked all t
images/000011398.jpg	a swollen body with small and withered wing
images/000011399.jpg	 thought it was fire.He caught a firefly. 
images/000011400.jpg	ional examples of human goodness can rem
images/000011401.jpg	f salt. As they reached the slippery riverbank,
images/000011402.jpg	air of leather shoes for him and requested the
images/000011403.jpg	families are hospitable. The family gathers toge
images/000011404.jpg	he next few days, the number of nails hammered on
images/000011405.jpg	 friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for t
images/000011406.jpg	 extended a helping hand to the old man in time 
images/000011407.jpg	age. The hungry fox immediately thought that th
images/000011408.jpg	ble pain in his feet as it was his first
images/000011409.jpg	und butterflies. He knew how a butterfly would
images/000011410.jpg	 Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he h
images/000011411.jpg	other. He was the only son for them. The pa
images/000011412.jpg	essful English learning is perseverance in fa
images/000011413.jpg	 of living, friends make another important pa
images/000011414.jpg	t places of historical importance and pilgri
images/000011415.jpg	happy. He jumped into the hole and when he open
images/000011416.jpg	ow they realized what the sparrow had said was co
images/000011417.jpg	re very stony. He could not tolerate the pai
images/000011418.jpg	. However, there remained a few nails tha
images/000011419.jpg	e cocoon. He was watching the butterfly struggl
images/000011420.jpg	 soldier extended a helping hand to the old man
images/000011421.jpg	ood. Finally he went to the edge of the for
images/000011422.jpg	 contacting with friends one can get into the s
images/000011423.jpg	 brilliant, and chronically depressed robot; and
images/000011424.jpg	and attend English lectures, while some stude
images/000011425.jpg	utter had placed the food in the tree trunk
images/000011426.jpg	 is used a great deal. There is a drastic incre
images/000011427.jpg	nt to be happy all the time. But I have put so
images/000011428.jpg	nd were very stony. He could not tolerate t
images/000011429.jpg	disturb both of them. Most of the things that
images/000011430.jpg	arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet, th
images/000011431.jpg	f nails. He asked his son to hammer one 
images/000011432.jpg	ese different ideas disturb both of them. Most
images/000011433.jpg	n you. Participate in all oral activities
images/000011434.jpg	ressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduat
images/000011435.jpg	stmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t be
images/000011436.jpg	sful English learning is perseverance in f
images/000011437.jpg	shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not l
images/000011438.jpg	k the body and the wings could support the body.
images/000011439.jpg	eys did not listen to the sparrow. They co
images/000011440.jpg	y much worried about the people who used to walk 
images/000011441.jpg	ere he loaded his donkey with more bags o
images/000011442.jpg	ld have emerged like any other beautiful 
images/000011443.jpg	dents need to use it to talk to English-sp
images/000011444.jpg	happy. He jumped into the hole and when he 
images/000011445.jpg	he became angry and to lose his temper. 
images/000011446.jpg	rtant role in shaping children's character. As 
images/000011447.jpg	e either turn a deaf ear to the elders' exper
images/000011448.jpg	gathering around the television in the eve
images/000011449.jpg	to school. Except for taking care of me, she 
images/000011450.jpg	nd food. Finally he went to the edge of the for
images/000011451.jpg	her so that people might feel comfortable, imme
images/000011452.jpg	 freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the planet 
images/000011453.jpg	way to enjoy its world. He decided to sit over a
images/000011454.jpg	ailed. Finally, the boy’s father came up with an
images/000011455.jpg	d to pick up at a cocktail party once upon a time
images/000011456.jpg	stony. He could not tolerate the pain as h
images/000011457.jpg	e minister. He ordered for a pair of lea
images/000011458.jpg	ommitment and discipline to learn English w
images/000011459.jpg	onically depressed robot; and Veet Vooja
images/000011460.jpg	 opening. It meant that the butterfly was tryin
images/000011461.jpg	hether you admit it or not. When it comes to
images/000011462.jpg	nglish textbooks or jonrnals and attend Engl
images/000011463.jpg	how your heart!”A Merchant and his DonkeyShor
images/000011464.jpg	make way for a galactic freeway, Arthur 
images/000011465.jpg	ody would become lighter and smaller and t
images/000011466.jpg	 very much.I want to stay with her for several
images/000011467.jpg	Countless factors may influence a person'
images/000011468.jpg	ime. But I have put so much pressure on 
images/000011469.jpg	oon with tiny opening. It meant that the butter
images/000011470.jpg	utlooks on the world, the gap between them wi
images/000011471.jpg	rastic increase of the hours that people s
images/000011472.jpg	ppery riverbank, now deliberately, the donkey 
images/000011473.jpg	 fellow people leading a propitious life. How
images/000011474.jpg	e day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet, 
images/000011475.jpg	 there might be food in it, and he becam
images/000011476.jpg	had thought a little before jumping into the
images/000011477.jpg	fluence a person's growth. There are two ap
images/000011478.jpg	y happy. He jumped into the hole and when he 
images/000011479.jpg	t essential quality for successful Englis
images/000011480.jpg	 a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beebleb
images/000011481.jpg	rolled his anger. Several days passed and the b
images/000011482.jpg	 to lose his temper. The little boy found it
images/000011483.jpg	 help the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors an
images/000011484.jpg	 The little boy found it hilarious and accept
images/000011485.jpg	llage, a little boy lived with his father and mot
images/000011486.jpg	 cannot pull out a few nails. The fence 
images/000011487.jpg	in the world is difficult for one who sets h
images/000011488.jpg	 almost every field of our life. Meanwhil
images/000011489.jpg	d food. Finally he went to the edge of the 
images/000011490.jpg	d he tried, the fox could not find food. Final
images/000011491.jpg	turn home where he loaded his donkey with more 
images/000011492.jpg	 foot to longer distance. He complained to his
images/000011493.jpg	 will grow up. Parents are children's first
images/000011494.jpg	p. Don't be intimidated even though you find oth
images/000011495.jpg	 firefly.After some time the monkeys bec
images/000011496.jpg	e might be food in it, and he became very 
images/000011497.jpg	r the butterfly and removed the remaining cocoon
images/000011498.jpg	 transform from an ugly caterpillar into a beaut
images/000011499.jpg	 people and accompany them. People of distant p
images/000011500.jpg	 through space aided by a galaxyful of fellow 
images/000011501.jpg	the life of thousands of cows to get the suf
images/000011502.jpg	 take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not 
images/000011503.jpg	 appeal to different generations. Those 
images/000011504.jpg	r look the same! It has scars all over! You
images/000011505.jpg	 butterfly comes from an unappealing worm! Here i
images/000011506.jpg	ite letters, etc.Students should have some 
images/000011507.jpg	Christmas time.”“Does he also bring presents 
images/000011508.jpg	e hasn’t been around this part of the fo
images/000011509.jpg	 tree. She noticed what they were doing. 
images/000011510.jpg	 hilarious and accepted to do what his father 
images/000011511.jpg	donkey slipped and fell into the river a
images/000011512.jpg	 the fox had eaten so much food that he beca
images/000011513.jpg	g very hard for hours to come out through th
images/000011514.jpg	e, there was a hungry fox that was looking for
images/000011515.jpg	they realized what the sparrow had said was c
images/000011516.jpg	r the last fifteen years, has been posing a
images/000011517.jpg	 before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t kn
images/000011518.jpg	do well in the exam. I want to be happy all th
images/000011519.jpg	ension, one should get access to a lot of readi
images/000011520.jpg	that they don’t care how I do well in the 
images/000011521.jpg	king along together. They had not walked far
images/000011522.jpg	If we say that families offer the environ
images/000011523.jpg	 the fence and hammered a nail. In the next few
images/000011524.jpg	propriate shape to cover your feet?’The kin
images/000011525.jpg	sited many pilgrim centres and could see his f
images/000011526.jpg	r more, it gives us insights into other cultures
images/000011527.jpg	en to each other's outlooks on the world, th
images/000011528.jpg	y spring. However, no matter how hard he tried,
images/000011529.jpg	hat demonstrate humanism. The spirit of huma
images/000011530.jpg	, with several generations gathering around t
images/000011531.jpg	household is always friendly, welcoming, an
images/000011532.jpg	terpillar into a beautiful one.He saw a cocoon
images/000011533.jpg	e to the king and said that he had another i
images/000011534.jpg	ow that a beautiful and colourful butterfly
images/000011535.jpg	rfly was trying to make its way to enjoy its 
images/000011536.jpg	en after continuous attempts for several ho
images/000011537.jpg	 you cannot pull out a few nails. The fe
images/000011538.jpg	it it or not. When it comes to the proble
images/000011539.jpg	utterfly would come out of the cocoon. He 
images/000011540.jpg	by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaph
images/000011541.jpg	 with them open, at the same time they m
images/000011542.jpg	d in the tree trunk while he cut down trees 
images/000011543.jpg	 will remain there forever. Your bad temper and
images/000011544.jpg	le!Unfortunately, the butterfly looked n
images/000011545.jpg	learning. It requires much time, commitment and d
images/000011546.jpg	ore Earth is demolished to make way for 
images/000011547.jpg	want to do. For exampie,first I will jion a
images/000011548.jpg	ow continued: “I think all of you should ta
images/000011549.jpg	ranging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. T
images/000011550.jpg	er. As parents, they should learn to understand
images/000011551.jpg	g the butterfly struggling to break the shel
images/000011552.jpg	ce, many things may turn out for the better.
images/000011553.jpg	mth, care and shelter, while friends give
images/000011554.jpg	ming lighter, it became heavier.Cocoon 
images/000011555.jpg	t quantity of leather and it would cost a 
images/000011556.jpg	ed, the fox could not find food. Finally he went 
images/000011557.jpg	 want to stay with her for several days.
images/000011558.jpg	er. He invited all worries for his paren
images/000011559.jpg	 the ability of English reading comprehens
images/000011560.jpg	t requires much time, commitment and discipline
images/000011561.jpg	ammered to the fence was reduced and the 
images/000011562.jpg	istorical importance and pilgrim centres at dist
images/000011563.jpg	the boy, “The nails were your bad temper and th
images/000011564.jpg	 intimidated even though you find others s
images/000011565.jpg	 to help her in the holidays.What will you do on 
images/000011566.jpg	Unfortunately, even after continuous attempt
images/000011567.jpg	You can remove the nails but still see the hol
images/000011568.jpg	 apparent in the story of "The Right Son at 
images/000011569.jpg	l into the water. But instead of the load
images/000011570.jpg	veral weeks, he returned to the palace. He was
images/000011571.jpg	ike that! Words are more painful than physica
images/000011572.jpg	king care of me, she also has to work. Therefor
images/000011573.jpg	ve my skills.Second I will go to my gran
images/000011574.jpg	rever. Your bad temper and anger were like that
images/000011575.jpg	ime, commitment and discipline to learn 
images/000011576.jpg	ful spring morning, a merchant loaded his donkey 
images/000011577.jpg	rt Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beau
images/000011578.jpg	h leather so that people might feel comfor
images/000011579.jpg	he fox could not find food. Finally he went
images/000011580.jpg	e water from a nearby spring. However, no matter
images/000011581.jpg	 the water. But instead of the load becomi
images/000011582.jpg	ays an important role in the maintenance of 
images/000011583.jpg	ng of the society, computers are now widely 
images/000011584.jpg	res at distant places. He decided to trav
images/000011585.jpg	s anger and develop kindness. Unfortunatel
images/000011586.jpg	butterfly. The butterfly had been struggling v
images/000011587.jpg	. It will help us to keep warm”.Suddenly t
images/000011588.jpg	s parents through the verbal usage. While he
images/000011589.jpg	ay, I want to practice more to improve my s
images/000011590.jpg	ter one was born, the first surroundings is the
images/000011591.jpg	a pair of leather shoes for him and requested t
images/000011592.jpg	us attempts for several hours, there was 
images/000011593.jpg	he example of humanistic behavior. In the event o
images/000011594.jpg	 need it to read English textbooks or jonrna
images/000011595.jpg	 he was very much worried about the people who u
images/000011596.jpg	, shaking his head.“You see. Santa Claus is 
images/000011597.jpg	 and his donkey were walking along together. T
images/000011598.jpg	 cocoon would let the fluid stored in the
images/000011599.jpg	t he had to change this for the betterment and
images/000011600.jpg	 Parents are children's first teachers, so famil
images/000011601.jpg	ed the cocoon to make larger opening for
images/000011602.jpg	isited many pilgrim centres and could see his f
images/000011603.jpg	resident of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tric
images/000011604.jpg	of the monkeys said, “I wish we could fi
images/000011605.jpg	get out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, 
images/000011606.jpg	e fox had eaten so much food that he became
images/000011607.jpg	rried. So a household consisting of three gener
images/000011608.jpg	 parents, they are so happy to see me do well i
images/000011609.jpg	ew how a butterfly would struggle to tra
images/000011610.jpg	is temper. He told his father that it was severa
images/000011611.jpg	they realized what the sparrow had said was 
images/000011612.jpg	emaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged withou
images/000011613.jpg	ad regret.He had intolerable pain in his fe
images/000011614.jpg	rience-based advice or set themselves against w
images/000011615.jpg	 proud that their king was so kind with a good
images/000011616.jpg	nimal children?” Emily asked.Short Stories
images/000011617.jpg	er, you can just have a piece of leather cu
images/000011618.jpg	o break the shell for several hours. He sp
images/000011619.jpg	ut of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox 
images/000011620.jpg	lent night. The weather was freezing. A group o
images/000011621.jpg	ours, there was no progress. It seemed that th
images/000011622.jpg	row came flying to its nest. The monkeys 
images/000011623.jpg	cceed in English learning. It requires much 
images/000011624.jpg	ng to make its way to enjoy its world. He d
images/000011625.jpg	together, with several generations gathering arou
images/000011626.jpg	ldren at Christmas time.”“Does he also bring pre
images/000011627.jpg	 to succeed in English learning. It requires mu
images/000011628.jpg	the old generation is too conservative to a
images/000011629.jpg	 each other's outlooks on the world, the gap
images/000011630.jpg	t he visited many pilgrim centres and cou
images/000011631.jpg	truggles. He continued to watch the butterfly
images/000011632.jpg	 to English-speakers, attend seminars, write 
images/000011633.jpg	order to improve the ability of English r
images/000011634.jpg	 thought that at any time, the butterfly might ex
images/000011635.jpg	reezing. A group of monkeys were on a tre
images/000011636.jpg	Nothing in the world is difficult for one who 
images/000011637.jpg	 reaching the river he again fell into the water.
images/000011638.jpg	t hammer any nail and he did not lose his
images/000011639.jpg	f the family contributes to household duties, i
images/000011640.jpg	ere was nothing the merchant could do, except re
images/000011641.jpg	he monkeys said, “I wish we could find som
images/000011642.jpg	y came to the king and said that he had ano
images/000011643.jpg	he ballpoint pens he's bought over the y
images/000011644.jpg	 benefits to us. It makes us do things more q
images/000011645.jpg	Humanism is a system of beliefs that fo
images/000011646.jpg	ere your bad temper and they were hammered on p
images/000011647.jpg	tmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy 
images/000011648.jpg	to go on a travel to visit places of historical
images/000011649.jpg	all worries for his parents through the 
images/000011650.jpg	isters were stunned to hear his order as it wo
images/000011651.jpg	 your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when 
images/000011652.jpg	 your feet?’The king was very much surprised by 
images/000011653.jpg	 from the same cloth. Parents may not be in favo
images/000011654.jpg	p the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors 
images/000011655.jpg	lso help accumulate and enlarge your vocabula
images/000011656.jpg	 and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel e
images/000011657.jpg	ow I do well in the exam, they just want m
images/000011658.jpg	open to each other's outlooks on the world,
images/000011659.jpg	use,because I miss her very much.I want to sta
images/000011660.jpg	 a researcher for the revised edition of The
images/000011661.jpg	ther's outlooks on the world, the gap be
images/000011662.jpg	e ordered for a pair of leather shoes fo
images/000011663.jpg	 who got Caught in the Tree TrunkOnce upon a 
images/000011664.jpg	 a propitious life. However, he had regre
images/000011665.jpg	of the cocoon. He was watching the butterfly stru
images/000011666.jpg	ation of colours. In fact, he used to spend a 
images/000011667.jpg	d Modern LifeThe computer is a wonderful mach
images/000011668.jpg	ellows. Occasional examples of human goodness c
images/000011669.jpg	teract with his people and accompany them.
images/000011670.jpg	 tend to have many pleasant characters. If we
images/000011671.jpg	of generation gap, people's ideas are not 
images/000011672.jpg	e day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet, 
images/000011673.jpg	l computers.The computer has brought a lot 
images/000011674.jpg	any people can afford their own personal com
images/000011675.jpg	veral weeks, he returned to the palace. H
images/000011676.jpg	people can afford their own personal comput
images/000011677.jpg	re proud that their king was so kind with a g
images/000011678.jpg	rstand their children and keep the lines of c
images/000011679.jpg	l spring morning, a merchant loaded his donk
images/000011680.jpg	ithered wings.The man was happy that he made 
images/000011681.jpg	merged like any other beautiful butterfl
images/000011682.jpg	ike a butterfly!One day, a man saw a cocoo
images/000011683.jpg	he wings could support the body.  Unfortunately
images/000011684.jpg	” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know much a
images/000011685.jpg	 Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised ed
images/000011686.jpg	 is apparent in the story of "The Right Son
images/000011687.jpg	g to eat. He was very hungry. No matter h
images/000011688.jpg	uggling very hard for hours to come out t
images/000011689.jpg	rst trip by foot to longer distance. He complai
images/000011690.jpg	fe with abundance of wealth and no misfortune
images/000011691.jpg	 problem of generation gap, people's idea
images/000011692.jpg	istorical importance and pilgrim centres at dista
images/000011693.jpg	id stored in the body convert into wings
images/000011694.jpg	 Claus,” I explained, “brings presents and 
images/000011695.jpg	 who had a passion and love for butterflies d
images/000011696.jpg	 night. The weather was freezing. A group 
images/000011697.jpg	y as he had controlled his anger. Several days
images/000011698.jpg	ill go to my grandma's house,because I mi
images/000011699.jpg	told himself, “I wish that I had thought a 
images/000011700.jpg	She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a fir
images/000011701.jpg	and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate stud
images/000011702.jpg	nts even after they get married. So a household
images/000011703.jpg	ipate in all oral activities. The more you speak,
images/000011704.jpg	ink all of you should take shelter in a cave”. T
images/000011705.jpg	tive to accept anything new. Their voices are no
images/000011706.jpg	s to about 19 hours. The number climbs mor
images/000011707.jpg	lly depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a fo
images/000011708.jpg	runkOnce upon a time, there was a hungry f
images/000011709.jpg	 fence and hammered a nail. In the next 
images/000011710.jpg	nging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. Th
images/000011711.jpg	mples of human goodness can remind us of
images/000011712.jpg	will come if I write to him?” Emily asked
images/000011713.jpg	and the wings would be beautiful and large
images/000011714.jpg	Unfortunately, even after continuous attempts fo
images/000011715.jpg	in time of need. The young man's actions were th
images/000011716.jpg	inters.”It turned out Emily also didn’t know mu
images/000011717.jpg	ht be food in it, and he became very happy. He
images/000011718.jpg	ught that he had to change this for the 
images/000011719.jpg	empts for several hours, there was no progre
images/000011720.jpg	nt to help her in the holidays.What will 
images/000011721.jpg	uantity of leather and it would cost a h
images/000011722.jpg	other do some housework. She was really tire
images/000011723.jpg	s and entertain friends. The household is
images/000011724.jpg	every time he became angry and to lose his tem
images/000011725.jpg	 and even his friends due to anger. He invited a
images/000011726.jpg	ce for 30 times on the first day! Every time he
images/000011727.jpg	 and courage. They both help children to unders
images/000011728.jpg	t to read English textbooks or jonrnals and 
images/000011729.jpg	m to remove the nails every day as he had co
images/000011730.jpg	the body convert into wings. Thus, the body
images/000011731.jpg	verbal usage. While he forgot what he spok
images/000011732.jpg	s coming.I am going to do many things that I want
images/000011733.jpg	e students need to use it to talk to English-spe
images/000011734.jpg	a cave”. The monkeys did not listen to th
images/000011735.jpg	the nails every day as he had controlled 
images/000011736.jpg	amily are respectively more than in other countri
images/000011737.jpg	nd father consoled him in many ways to give up hi
images/000011738.jpg	out most of the nails from the fence. However,
images/000011739.jpg	neighbours and even his friends due to anger. He 
images/000011740.jpg	ay closer attention to our fellows. Occasional 
images/000011741.jpg	 brilliant, and chronically depressed robot; a
images/000011742.jpg	en to better ways of seeing things. Computers lar
images/000011743.jpg	ng things. Computers largely broaden our vision
images/000011744.jpg	s did not listen to the sparrow. They continued t
images/000011745.jpg	er. He invited all worries for his parents thr
images/000011746.jpg	her told him to remove the nails every day 
images/000011747.jpg	s best and could not give any more try.The man
images/000011748.jpg	 that he did not hammer any nail and he did not 
images/000011749.jpg	gry fox immediately thought that there might be f
images/000011750.jpg	 our daily life, whether you admit it or no
images/000011751.jpg	y opening. Unfortunately, even after continuous a
images/000011752.jpg	en English will be. Nothing in the world
images/000011753.jpg	Unfortunately, even after continuous attem
images/000011754.jpg	and attend English lectures, while some student
images/000011755.jpg	 a king. The people of the kingdom were v
images/000011756.jpg	 Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shiveri
images/000011757.jpg	for something to eat. He was very hungry. No
images/000011758.jpg	native idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you wa
images/000011759.jpg	g thought that he had to change this for 
images/000011760.jpg	ain friends. The household is always friend
images/000011761.jpg	 the donkey’s trick. He then returned home again
images/000011762.jpg	 the ministry came to the king and said that 
images/000011763.jpg	ications with them open, at the same time
images/000011764.jpg	ey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not real 
images/000011765.jpg	ained to his ministers that the roads weren’t c
images/000011766.jpg	. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he tr
images/000011767.jpg	h. There are two apparent factors which aff
images/000011768.jpg	that I want to do. For exampie,first I wil
images/000011769.jpg	 fell into the river and noticed that the bags
images/000011770.jpg	rsty and decided to leave the trunk and drink s
images/000011771.jpg	nvironment of living, friends make another
images/000011772.jpg	these pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? F
images/000011773.jpg	oaded his donkey with bags of salt to go to the
images/000011774.jpg	down in time. Both sides should talk over the
images/000011775.jpg	ystem of beliefs that focuses on common hum
images/000011776.jpg	with withered wings and huge body. It was nev
images/000011777.jpg	elves against what the elders have been pr
images/000011778.jpg	little boy found it very difficult to hamme
images/000011779.jpg	pearance of all the ballpoint pens he's bought o
images/000011780.jpg	to do many things that I want to do. For exam
images/000011781.jpg	s. One of the young monkeys thought it was
images/000011782.jpg	the monkeys said, “I wish we could find some 
images/000011783.jpg	out any more struggles. He continued to 
images/000011784.jpg	uld do, except return home where he loaded his 
images/000011785.jpg	reached the slippery riverbank, now delibera
images/000011786.jpg	hort, the most essential quality for succ
images/000011787.jpg	s been marked down over and over again so
images/000011788.jpg	ctively, sincerely and frankly.Who Influences Yo
images/000011789.jpg	 his first trip by foot to longer distance. He
images/000011790.jpg	h their parents even after they get marr
images/000011791.jpg	nished eating, he felt thirsty and decided to lea
images/000011792.jpg	hildren. Chinese families tend to social
images/000011793.jpg	e water from a nearby spring. However, no
images/000011794.jpg	they get married. So a household consisti
images/000011795.jpg	 by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zap
images/000011796.jpg	t the butterfly was trying to make its way 
images/000011797.jpg	 butterfly would struggle to transform from a
images/000011798.jpg	nkey again set on its way. On reaching the riv
images/000011799.jpg	dness. Unfortunately, all their attempts
images/000011800.jpg	y pilgrim centres and could see his fello
images/000011801.jpg	ined to his ministers that the roads weren’t c
images/000011802.jpg	 his DonkeyShort Stories - A Merchant and 
images/000011803.jpg	HumanismHumanism is a system of beliefs 
images/000011804.jpg	e butterfly to come out of its cocoon would let
images/000011805.jpg	is a wonderful machine. Today it is used a g
images/000011806.jpg	ght a lot of benefits to us. It makes us do thi
images/000011807.jpg	y son for them. The parents of the littl
images/000011808.jpg	ersation with their king and they were proud th
images/000011809.jpg	ame angry and to lose his temper. The little boy 
images/000011810.jpg	his temper!Now, his father told him to remove th
images/000011811.jpg	computers per week, ranging from about 1.5 ho
images/000011812.jpg	ather consoled him in many ways to give 
images/000011813.jpg	tions gathering around the television in the e
images/000011814.jpg	s open to each other's outlooks on the wo
images/000011815.jpg	ts to us. It makes us do things more quick
images/000011816.jpg	rmerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, 
images/000011817.jpg	were stunned to hear his order as it wou
images/000011818.jpg	ow to cover the road with leather? Rather, you ca
images/000011819.jpg	ls but still see the holes in the fence. Again, 
images/000011820.jpg	with leather? Rather, you can just have 
images/000011821.jpg	d the fierce market competition, the pric
images/000011822.jpg	 do well in the exam, they just want me to be h
images/000011823.jpg	stony. He could not tolerate the pain as
images/000011824.jpg	him fall for angry words. He scolded kids, nei
images/000011825.jpg	.Last I will help my mother do some hous
images/000011826.jpg	n almost every field of our life. Meanwhile, tha
images/000011827.jpg	fferent ideas disturb both of them. Most
images/000011828.jpg	d placed the food in the tree trunk while he cut
images/000011829.jpg	uld find some fire. It will help us to kee
images/000011830.jpg	d develop kindness. Unfortunately, all their att
images/000011831.jpg	ws. Occasional examples of human goodness can 
images/000011832.jpg	told his father that it was several days t
images/000011833.jpg	ruggling very hard for hours to come out through 
images/000011834.jpg	body would become lighter and smaller and the
images/000011835.jpg	son for them. The parents of the little boy were
images/000011836.jpg	through the struggles the butterfly would h
images/000011837.jpg	ories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful sp
images/000011838.jpg	s decided to help the butterfly. He got a pa
images/000011839.jpg	t Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne bea
images/000011840.jpg	e last fifteen years, has been posing as an out-o
images/000011841.jpg	 hours. The number climbs more than ten ti
images/000011842.jpg	rn a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based
images/000011843.jpg	 cut in appropriate shape to cover your fe
images/000011844.jpg	either turn a deaf ear to the elders' expe
images/000011845.jpg	storical importance and pilgrim centres a
images/000011846.jpg	s father told him to remove the nails eve
images/000011847.jpg	ll in the exam, I will show my paper to my pa
images/000011848.jpg	Santa Claus,” I explained, “brings present
images/000011849.jpg	wn trees in the forest. He was going to ea
images/000011850.jpg	re proud that their king was so kind with a go
images/000011851.jpg	o us. It makes us do things more quickly. Fu
images/000011852.jpg	parrow continued: “I think all of you should 
images/000011853.jpg	r fellows. Occasional examples of human goodn
images/000011854.jpg	ays.Last I will help my mother do some housework
images/000011855.jpg	d to the palace. He was quite happy that h
images/000011856.jpg	manism can be as important as actual medi
images/000011857.jpg	 I explained, “brings presents and toys to human 
images/000011858.jpg	gry words. He scolded kids, neighbours and even
images/000011859.jpg	It requires much time, commitment and discipli
images/000011860.jpg	never look the same! It has scars all over! Y
images/000011861.jpg	I will jion a soccer club,because I like playi
images/000011862.jpg	crawled around with withered wings and h
images/000011863.jpg	an unappealing worm! Here is the story of a
images/000011864.jpg	 Fritz appeared with his little niece Em
images/000011865.jpg	pset. He told himself, “I wish that I had though
images/000011866.jpg	ir problems with each other actively, sincerely a
images/000011867.jpg	l days.Last I will help my mother do some hous
images/000011868.jpg	e.  The father appreciated him and asked him poin
images/000011869.jpg	ody convert into wings. Thus, the body would b
images/000011870.jpg	tter than you. Participate in all oral activities
images/000011871.jpg	s father came up with an idea.One day, his
images/000011872.jpg	ammer any nail and he did not lose his tem
images/000011873.jpg	es. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we cou
images/000011874.jpg	 countries' family. In China, children live wi
images/000011875.jpg	any more try.The man, who had a passion a
images/000011876.jpg	, bread, meat and fruit in it!An old woodc
images/000011877.jpg	There are two apparent factors which affect a
images/000011878.jpg	iful place to live in.
images/000011879.jpg	e nails were your bad temper and they wer
images/000011880.jpg	orgot what he spoke in anger, his friends and nei
images/000011881.jpg	nails. He asked his son to hammer one nail to
images/000011882.jpg	the example of humanistic behavior. In the event 
images/000011883.jpg	 blow at our poor firefly.After some time th
images/000011884.jpg	ing the problem. As long as both sides keep 
images/000011885.jpg	to do many things that I want to do. For examp
images/000011886.jpg	e to the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen years,
images/000011887.jpg	father gave him a huge bag of nails. He ask
images/000011888.jpg	rous life with abundance of wealth and no misfor
images/000011889.jpg	sit over and watch how the butterfly would co
images/000011890.jpg	puters are now widely applied in almost every fi
images/000011891.jpg	l the human children to have much time left 
images/000011892.jpg	s in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a f
images/000011893.jpg	dier extended a helping hand to the old ma
images/000011894.jpg	bs more than ten times up, indicating com
images/000011895.jpg	of HumanismHumanism is a system of beliefs 
images/000011896.jpg	ey don’t care how I do well in the exam, the
images/000011897.jpg	er to improve the ability of English reading co
images/000011898.jpg	er one nail to the fence every time he became an
images/000011899.jpg	lsIt was a cold and silent night. The weat
images/000011900.jpg	ile he cut down trees in the forest. He was goin
images/000011901.jpg	 in the holidays.What will you do on Summer H
images/000011902.jpg	a Successful English LearnerAlmost all the s
images/000011903.jpg	 embarrassed when making some embarrassi
images/000011904.jpg	 have some ideal qualities to succeed in En
images/000011905.jpg	s: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-arme
images/000011906.jpg	he nails but still see the holes in the fence.
images/000011907.jpg	s said, “I wish we could find some fire.
images/000011908.jpg	o Emily. “So forget about the whole idea. Let’
images/000011909.jpg	ere was a hungry fox that was looking for 
images/000011910.jpg	ils. He asked his son to hammer one nail 
images/000011911.jpg	he spoke in anger, his friends and neighbours avo
images/000011912.jpg	n happy families tend to have many pleasant c
images/000011913.jpg	age, he saw there were a lot of food, bread,
images/000011914.jpg	st surroundings is the family in which he
images/000011915.jpg	n unappealing worm! Here is the story of a but
images/000011916.jpg	e rapid progressing of the society, computers ar
images/000011917.jpg	ust have a piece of leather cut in approp
images/000011918.jpg	t I will help my mother do some housework. S
images/000011919.jpg	 of the nails from the fence. However, there r
images/000011920.jpg	pain as he walked all the way through the rough 
images/000011921.jpg	line to learn English well. In order to impro
images/000011922.jpg	inions on the reasons why generation gap comes in
images/000011923.jpg	 intention, only going through the struggles the
images/000011924.jpg	onty and I were busy building a snowman when F
images/000011925.jpg	ember of the family contributes to household
images/000011926.jpg	offer the environment of living, friends mak
images/000011927.jpg	utterfly just crawled around with withered wings 
images/000011928.jpg	erchant and his donkey were walking along to
images/000011929.jpg	 helping hand to the old man in time of need. 
images/000011930.jpg	at was looking for something to eat. He was ver
images/000011931.jpg	 strength and courage. They both help children 
images/000011932.jpg	mer the nails and decided to control his t
images/000011933.jpg	rink some water from a nearby spring. How
images/000011934.jpg	understand their children and keep the lines 
images/000011935.jpg	at he had to change this for the betterme
images/000011936.jpg	e was very hungry. No matter how hard he trie
images/000011937.jpg	 and said that he had another idea.The king ask
images/000011938.jpg	do well in the exam, they just want me to 
images/000011939.jpg	orn, the first surroundings is the family 
images/000011940.jpg	 While he forgot what he spoke in anger, 
images/000011941.jpg	 spoke in anger, his friends and neighbour
images/000011942.jpg	ful and colourful butterfly comes from an 
images/000011943.jpg	Veet Voojagig, a former graduate student
images/000011944.jpg	eached the slippery riverbank, now deliberately
images/000011945.jpg	g children's character. As parents, they shou
images/000011946.jpg	rrow. They continued to blow at our poor
images/000011947.jpg	ant part in shaping children's personality. 
images/000011948.jpg	children to understand the world as it i
images/000011949.jpg	riends. The household is always friendly, welcom
images/000011950.jpg	hat they don’t care how I do well in the exa
images/000011951.jpg	e and when he opened the package, he saw there we
images/000011952.jpg	 the first day! Every time he lost his tem
images/000011953.jpg	food in it, and he became very happy. He jumped
images/000011954.jpg	re are these pens? Why are we born? Why do we die
images/000011955.jpg	galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked 
images/000011956.jpg	that they don’t care how I do well in the exam
images/000011957.jpg	he hole and when he opened the package, he sa
images/000011958.jpg	an from the ministry came to the king and said t
images/000011959.jpg	Galaxy who, for the last fifteen years, has been 
images/000011960.jpg	 meaning of humanism. If we treat our fe
images/000011961.jpg	mmered on the fence was reduced to half. The l
images/000011962.jpg	en he opened the package, he saw there were a lot
images/000011963.jpg	 little niece Emily and introduced her.“Emil
images/000011964.jpg	vert into wings. Thus, the body would become li
images/000011965.jpg	is effort.A sparrow came flying to its ne
images/000011966.jpg	l party once upon a time zone; Marvin, a para
images/000011967.jpg	 still see the holes in the fence. Again
images/000011968.jpg	 quite happy that he visited many pilgrim 
images/000011969.jpg	e on myself. One day, my parents tell me that th
images/000011970.jpg	Fritz appeared with his little niece Emi
images/000011971.jpg	e cut down trees in the forest. He was going to 
images/000011972.jpg	r holiday is coming.I am going to do many thing
images/000011973.jpg	nd unity. Each member of the family contrib
images/000011974.jpg	y slipped and fell into the river and no
images/000011975.jpg	onderful combination of colours. In fact, he u
images/000011976.jpg	ill remain there forever. Your bad temper and ang
images/000011977.jpg	ilies tend to socialize together, with s
images/000011978.jpg	erflies and had a craze for its wonderful co
images/000011979.jpg	rn English well. In order to improve the abili
images/000011980.jpg	 had been struggling very hard for hours to co
images/000011981.jpg	in the exam. I want to be happy all the ti
images/000011982.jpg	 a few nails that the boy could not pull out
images/000011983.jpg	f English reading comprehension, one sho
images/000011984.jpg	il to the fence every time he became angry and t
images/000011985.jpg	 up his anger and develop kindness. Unfortun
images/000011986.jpg	while some students need to use it to talk to 
images/000011987.jpg	d as it is, so they are the dearest part
images/000011988.jpg	fellow people leading a propitious life. 
images/000011989.jpg	continued to blow at our poor firefly.After s
images/000011990.jpg	ght it was fire.He caught a firefly. He put it 
images/000011991.jpg	me students need it to read English textbooks or 
images/000011992.jpg	erce market competition, the price has been
images/000011993.jpg	d of the whole country with leather so t
images/000011994.jpg	awled around with withered wings and huge
images/000011995.jpg	oken English will be. Nothing in the world
images/000011996.jpg	y, computers are now widely applied in almost e
images/000011997.jpg	One is family, and the other is friends.
images/000011998.jpg	iful butterflies! The continuous effort from 
images/000011999.jpg	by foot to interact with his people and 
images/000012000.jpg	ecame very tired. Now they realized what 
images/000012001.jpg	g the children. Chinese families tend to 
images/000012002.jpg	are the connections between children and
images/000012003.jpg	o understand their children and keep the line
images/000012004.jpg	ed on the fence was reduced to half. The little b
images/000012005.jpg	t the roads weren’t comfortable and were
images/000012006.jpg	entres and could see his fellow people lea
images/000012007.jpg	 others with his words. His bad temper m
images/000012008.jpg	in it, and he became very happy. He jumped in
images/000012009.jpg	narrowed down in time. Both sides should talk
images/000012010.jpg	er and watch how the butterfly would come
images/000012011.jpg	 the betterment and happiness of the people.
images/000012012.jpg	ned to hear his order as it would destroy the li
images/000012013.jpg	 fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few 
images/000012014.jpg	, there was no progress. It seemed that the 
images/000012015.jpg	o work. Therefore, I want to help her in the 
images/000012016.jpg	 support the body.  Unfortunately, neither th
images/000012017.jpg	eeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the pla
images/000012018.jpg	ife. However, he had regret.He had intolerable 
images/000012019.jpg	learn English well. In order to improve the
images/000012020.jpg	nally, the boy’s father came up with an id
images/000012021.jpg	 However, there remained a few nails that th
images/000012022.jpg	 temper. He told his father that it was se
images/000012023.jpg	why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food 
images/000012024.jpg	cters. If we say that families offer the environ
images/000012025.jpg	ile he cut down trees in the forest. He was goin
images/000012026.jpg	e struggles. He continued to watch the b
images/000012027.jpg	ke its way to enjoy its world. He decided t
images/000012028.jpg	 first surroundings is the family in which he w
images/000012029.jpg	nce. Again, you cannot pull out a few nails.
images/000012030.jpg	 a passion and love for butterflies decided to h
images/000012031.jpg	don’t care how I do well in the exam, they 
images/000012032.jpg	d and the day arrived when no nail was h
images/000012033.jpg	ecame very happy. He jumped into the hole and w
images/000012034.jpg	painful than physical abuse! Use words for g
images/000012035.jpg	ny people can afford their own personal c
images/000012036.jpg	hildren warmth, care and shelter, while friends
images/000012037.jpg	est and searched there for food. Suddenly he caug
images/000012038.jpg	n a deaf ear to the elders' experience-base
images/000012039.jpg	ed to walk along those roads as it would be pa
images/000012040.jpg	h. There are two apparent factors which affect 
images/000012041.jpg	egan a journey through space aided by a galaxy
images/000012042.jpg	 could not pull out.The boy told his father a
images/000012043.jpg	nt to be happy all the time. But I have put
images/000012044.jpg	 children's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young p
images/000012045.jpg	of monkeys were on a tree. They were clingi
images/000012046.jpg	ish learning. It requires much time, commitmen
images/000012047.jpg	erable pain in his feet as it was his first t
images/000012048.jpg	he day arrived when no nail was hammered! Ye
images/000012049.jpg	shed eating, he felt thirsty and decided to leav
images/000012050.jpg	 to hear his order as it would destroy the 
images/000012051.jpg	f their children's hairstyle and weird clothes. 
images/000012052.jpg	ags of sponges.The foolish, tricky donkey aga
images/000012053.jpg	 life, whether you admit it or not. When i
images/000012054.jpg	 hammered a nail. In the next few days, t
images/000012055.jpg	s. It makes us do things more quickly. Furth
images/000012056.jpg	ren,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget abou
images/000012057.jpg	e WorldLong ago, people happily lived under th
images/000012058.jpg	 ministers that the roads weren’t comfortable an
images/000012059.jpg	ically depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a
images/000012060.jpg	o come out of its cocoon would let the flu
images/000012061.jpg	ea. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill t
images/000012062.jpg	y sad and upset. He told himself, “I wish th
images/000012063.jpg	 was two days before Christmas. Harry, Cornel
images/000012064.jpg	ociety and become sociable.In a word, fam
images/000012065.jpg	, shaking his head.“You see. Santa Claus 
images/000012066.jpg	nately, all their attempts failed. Finally, the b
images/000012067.jpg	 monkeys did not listen to the sparrow. They 
images/000012068.jpg	bout the same.  The father appreciated him
images/000012069.jpg	r. The little boy found it hilarious and acce
images/000012070.jpg	d us. “She doesn’t know much about our win
images/000012071.jpg	cause I miss her very much.I want to stay with 
images/000012072.jpg	 half. The little boy found it very diffi
images/000012073.jpg	commitment and discipline to learn English we
images/000012074.jpg	ferent opinions on the reasons why gener
images/000012075.jpg	little boy found it hilarious and accept
images/000012076.jpg	he king asked - what was his alternative i
images/000012077.jpg	ning of humanism. If we treat our fellows wit
images/000012078.jpg	e forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends and
images/000012079.jpg	ether you admit it or not. When it comes to the p
images/000012080.jpg	ize together, with several generations gatheri
images/000012081.jpg	ed - what was his alternative idea. The minister 
images/000012082.jpg	rned out Emily also didn’t know much abou
images/000012083.jpg	 sad and upset. He told himself, “I wish t
images/000012084.jpg	anism is a system of beliefs that focuses on 
images/000012085.jpg	way. On reaching the river he again fell 
images/000012086.jpg	old the boy, “The nails were your bad temper a
images/000012087.jpg	ed, “brings presents and toys to human childre
images/000012088.jpg	e of thousands of cows to get the sufficient qua
images/000012089.jpg	 come out through the tiny opening. Unfortuna
images/000012090.jpg	He spent almost more than 10 hours with t
images/000012091.jpg	y, all their attempts failed. Finally, the bo
images/000012092.jpg	 the cocoon without any more struggles. He c
images/000012093.jpg	bags of salt to go to the market in order 
images/000012094.jpg	ful spring morning, a merchant loaded his donke
images/000012095.jpg	d the boy, “The nails were your bad temper and
images/000012096.jpg	le was a package. The hungry fox immediately 
images/000012097.jpg	n would let the fluid stored in the body convert 
images/000012098.jpg	od in the tree trunk while he cut down tr
images/000012099.jpg	sters were stunned to hear his order as it woul
images/000012100.jpg	sonality. Friends are the connections between
images/000012101.jpg	see me do well in the exam. I want to be happy a
images/000012102.jpg	te in all oral activities. The more you 
images/000012103.jpg	they should learn to understand their children 
images/000012104.jpg	ish and they need it for different purpos
images/000012105.jpg	 grow up in happy families tend to have ma
images/000012106.jpg	 make its way to enjoy its world. He decided to 
images/000012107.jpg	key with more bags of salt. As they reached th
images/000012108.jpg	his first trip by foot to longer distance
images/000012109.jpg	ined to his ministers that the roads weren’t 
images/000012110.jpg	 examples that demonstrate humanism. The spi
images/000012111.jpg	and entertain friends. The household is always
images/000012112.jpg	e family are respectively more than in othe
images/000012113.jpg	an just have a piece of leather cut in appropri
images/000012114.jpg	arance of all the ballpoint pens he's bought 
images/000012115.jpg	hile he cut down trees in the forest. He wa
images/000012116.jpg	told us. “She doesn’t know much about our 
images/000012117.jpg	zed world humanism plays an important role in th
images/000012118.jpg	humanism is apparent in the story of "The
images/000012119.jpg	e now before you catch a cold.”Change Yoursel
images/000012120.jpg	ded to travel by foot to interact with hi
images/000012121.jpg	il to the fence every time he became angry a
images/000012122.jpg	Chinese families are hospitable. The family ga
images/000012123.jpg	 member of the family contributes to household d
images/000012124.jpg	hey reached the slippery riverbank, now d
images/000012125.jpg	h good intention, only going through the stru
images/000012126.jpg	nately, the butterfly just crawled around with 
images/000012127.jpg	order as it would destroy the life of thousand
images/000012128.jpg	y of leather and it would cost a huge amount 
images/000012129.jpg	tment and discipline to learn English well. I
images/000012130.jpg	gs expanded or enlarged nor the swollen 
images/000012131.jpg	After one was born, the first surrounding
images/000012132.jpg	ith friends one can get into the society 
images/000012133.jpg	uggling to break the shell for several hours. 
images/000012134.jpg	 come out of the cocoon. He was watching the b
images/000012135.jpg	 more you speak, the better your spoken English 
images/000012136.jpg	ter one was born, the first surroundings
images/000012137.jpg	lebrate holidays and entertain friends. The house
images/000012138.jpg	 children?” Emily asked.Short Stories - Chr
images/000012139.jpg	without previous invitation.Chinese families ar
images/000012140.jpg	le friends give them strength and courage. 
images/000012141.jpg	fter one was born, the first surroundings 
images/000012142.jpg	e time they must keep in mind that differen
images/000012143.jpg	ration gap comes into being. Some think that
images/000012144.jpg	 need English and they need it for different pur
images/000012145.jpg	People of distant places were so happy to have a 
images/000012146.jpg	together. They had not walked far when they rea
images/000012147.jpg	lity. Friends are the connections between
images/000012148.jpg	ily contributes to household duties, including
images/000012149.jpg	of a life-threatening emergency, humanism ca
images/000012150.jpg	 caught a firefly. He put it under a dry 
images/000012151.jpg	 it for different purposes. Some students need it
images/000012152.jpg	in the holidays.What will you do on Summer H
images/000012153.jpg	t he visited many pilgrim centres and co
images/000012154.jpg	eed in English learning. It requires much tim
images/000012155.jpg	nderful machine. Today it is used a great 
images/000012156.jpg	cal importance and pilgrim centres at distant p
images/000012157.jpg	 to remove the nails every day as he had control
images/000012158.jpg	sential quality for successful English learning 
images/000012159.jpg	ife.Although the man did it with good intentio
images/000012160.jpg	in the holidays.What will you do on Summe
images/000012161.jpg	ither have I,” Harry added, shaking his hea
images/000012162.jpg	e members in a Chinese family are respectively
images/000012163.jpg	 remained a few nails that the boy could not pull
images/000012164.jpg	k some water from a nearby spring. However, n
images/000012165.jpg	nything new. Their voices are not taken into
images/000012166.jpg	uld find some fire. It will help us to keep 
images/000012167.jpg	y hungry. No matter how hard he tried, the fox 
images/000012168.jpg	 the fluid stored in the body convert into
images/000012169.jpg	in it, and he became very happy. He jumped in
images/000012170.jpg	ations. Those who grow up in happy families 
images/000012171.jpg	with leather? Rather, you can just have 
images/000012172.jpg	mprehension, one should get access to a lot
images/000012173.jpg	mered on the fence was reduced to half. The litt
images/000012174.jpg	asons why generation gap comes into being. S
images/000012175.jpg	ld let the fluid stored in the body convert in
images/000012176.jpg	hat the roads weren’t comfortable and were very s
images/000012177.jpg	not hammer any nail and he did not lose his
images/000012178.jpg	I will go to my grandma's house,because I miss h
images/000012179.jpg	dy with small and withered wings.The man was h
images/000012180.jpg	’ve never seen him, myself.”“Neither have I,” H
images/000012181.jpg	s bad temper made him fall for angry words. He
images/000012182.jpg	ive a life like a butterfly!One day, a 
images/000012183.jpg	ped and fell into the river and noticed that 
images/000012184.jpg	spring morning, a merchant loaded his donkey
images/000012185.jpg	d a helping hand to the old man in time of 
images/000012186.jpg	l village, a little boy lived with his father 
images/000012187.jpg	everal days.Last I will help my mother do some 
images/000012188.jpg	ed on the fence was reduced to half. The litt
images/000012189.jpg	axyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, 
images/000012190.jpg	an in other countries' family. In China, ch
images/000012191.jpg	nism makes the world a more beautiful place
images/000012192.jpg	e again fell into the water. But instead of
images/000012193.jpg	ued to blow at our poor firefly.After so
images/000012194.jpg	deas disturb both of them. Most of the things 
images/000012195.jpg	e that they don’t care how I do well in the
images/000012196.jpg	it to talk to English-speakers, attend semi
images/000012197.jpg	ad intolerable pain in his feet as it was hi
images/000012198.jpg	ble, immediately.The king thought that he 
images/000012199.jpg	ir.“Santa Claus,” I explained, “brings prese
images/000012200.jpg	It meant that the butterfly was trying to make 
images/000012201.jpg	"The Right Son at the Right Time". The so
images/000012202.jpg	would let the fluid stored in the body conv
images/000012203.jpg	two apparent factors which affect a perso
images/000012204.jpg	resident of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Trici
images/000012205.jpg	d no longer beautiful and had a swollen body 
images/000012206.jpg	read, meat and fruit in it!An old woodcutter had
images/000012207.jpg	hildren to understand the world as it is, so
images/000012208.jpg	ipped and fell into the river and noticed t
images/000012209.jpg	e river and wasted all the bags of salt on it
images/000012210.jpg	hardship. Don't be intimidated even though yo
images/000012211.jpg	 Chinese families tend to socialize togethe
images/000012212.jpg	to the river and noticed that the bags of s
images/000012213.jpg	ssed and the boy was able to pull out most of th
images/000012214.jpg	 to enjoy its world. He decided to sit over 
images/000012215.jpg	 personality. Friends are the connections be
images/000012216.jpg	 catch a cold.”Change Yourself and not The Worl
images/000012217.jpg	y comes from an unappealing worm! Here i
images/000012218.jpg	e shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not
images/000012219.jpg	 go home now before you catch a cold.”C
images/000012220.jpg	y looked no longer beautiful and had a swoll
images/000012221.jpg	 he was quite eager to watch the butterf
images/000012222.jpg	k. He then returned home again but re-loaded hi
images/000012223.jpg	 way. On reaching the river he again fell into t
images/000012224.jpg	ed around with withered wings and huge body. It
images/000012225.jpg	bulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making
images/000012226.jpg	largely broaden our vision.How to Be a Successfu
images/000012227.jpg	 favor of their children's hairstyle and weird c
images/000012228.jpg	time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant
images/000012229.jpg	If we don’t want to undergo any struggle, 
images/000012230.jpg	istic behavior. In the event of a life-threa
images/000012231.jpg	you should take shelter in a cave”. The m
images/000012232.jpg	a Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the c
images/000012233.jpg	ppealing worm! Here is the story of a bu
images/000012234.jpg	f the cocoon. He was watching the butterfl
images/000012235.jpg	essful English LearnerAlmost all the students
images/000012236.jpg	 Fox who got Caught in the Tree TrunkOnce u
images/000012237.jpg	e opened the package, he saw there were 
images/000012238.jpg	s and could see his fellow people leading a pr
images/000012239.jpg	havior. In the event of a life-threatening emerg
images/000012240.jpg	emper. He told his father that it was severa
images/000012241.jpg	e intimidated even though you find others spe
images/000012242.jpg	e only son for them. The parents of the little bo
images/000012243.jpg	 distant places were so happy to have a 
images/000012244.jpg	ked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you see
images/000012245.jpg	e me do well in the exam. I want to be happ
images/000012246.jpg	nd anger were like that! Words are more 
images/000012247.jpg	 order as it would destroy the life of t
images/000012248.jpg	 Dent is plucked off the planet by his friend For
images/000012249.jpg	upport the body.  Unfortunately, neither the wing
images/000012250.jpg	f them. Most of the things that young generation 
images/000012251.jpg	ny things may turn out for the better. Humanism m
images/000012252.jpg	ricky donkey again set on its way. On reaching th
images/000012253.jpg	nd others speaking English better than you. 
images/000012254.jpg	ung man's actions were the example of huma
images/000012255.jpg	he nails from the fence. However, there rema
images/000012256.jpg	fly struggling to break the shell for several h
images/000012257.jpg	young man's actions were the example of humanist
images/000012258.jpg	hirsty and decided to leave the trunk and drink 
images/000012259.jpg	etters, etc.Students should have some ideal q
images/000012260.jpg	 edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
images/000012261.jpg	oral activities. The more you speak, the b
images/000012262.jpg	ld have emerged like any other beautiful b
images/000012263.jpg	 Use them to embrace the relationships. Use
images/000012264.jpg	ssful English LearnerAlmost all the stu
images/000012265.jpg	Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he
images/000012266.jpg	 and withered wings.The man was happy that 
images/000012267.jpg	, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically depr
images/000012268.jpg	mic pair began a journey through space aid
images/000012269.jpg	treat our fellows with respect and tolerance, ma
images/000012270.jpg	used to walk along those roads as it woul
images/000012271.jpg	nd food. Finally he went to the edge of the fore
images/000012272.jpg	 a lot of benefits to us. It makes us do things 
images/000012273.jpg	d with withered wings and huge body. It w
images/000012274.jpg	f we treat our fellows with respect and toleranc
images/000012275.jpg	shed eating, he felt thirsty and decided to
images/000012276.jpg	fter continuous attempts for several hours, ther
images/000012277.jpg	 of the kingdom were very happy as they had a
images/000012278.jpg	e made an order to cover the road of the whole 
images/000012279.jpg	 I want to be happy all the time. But I h
images/000012280.jpg	and wasted all the bags of salt on its back again
images/000012281.jpg	 and when he opened the package, he saw there
images/000012282.jpg	n the event of a life-threatening emergency
images/000012283.jpg	want to practice more to improve my skills.Seco
images/000012284.jpg	puter is a wonderful machine. Today it is used a
images/000012285.jpg	ed to travel by foot to interact with his people
images/000012286.jpg	the fence was reduced to half. The littl
images/000012287.jpg	 gives us insights into other cultures and ke
images/000012288.jpg	feet as it was his first trip by foot to longe
images/000012289.jpg	form from an ugly caterpillar into a beautifu
images/000012290.jpg	e, thanks to the decline of cost and the fie
images/000012291.jpg	ppy that he visited many pilgrim centres a
images/000012292.jpg	, care and shelter, while friends give them s
images/000012293.jpg	atening emergency, humanism can be as importan
images/000012294.jpg	orld, the gap between them will be narrow
images/000012295.jpg	rfly. The butterfly had been struggling ver
images/000012296.jpg	 wasted all the bags of salt on its back again
images/000012297.jpg	dge of the forest and searched there for f
images/000012298.jpg	t tolerate the pain as he walked all the way thr
images/000012299.jpg	ered to the fence was reduced and the day arrive
images/000012300.jpg	the better. Humanism makes the world a more 
images/000012301.jpg	k over their problems with each other actively,
images/000012302.jpg	happy as they had a very prosperous life with abu
images/000012303.jpg	d has never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “S
images/000012304.jpg	terflies! The continuous effort from the butt
images/000012305.jpg	 and keep the lines of communications with them 
images/000012306.jpg	nd colourful butterfly comes from an unappealing 
images/000012307.jpg	the whole idea. Let’s go home now before you catc
images/000012308.jpg	and their children and keep the lines of communic
images/000012309.jpg	 our fellows. Occasional examples of human 
images/000012310.jpg	ed the slippery riverbank, now deliberatel
images/000012311.jpg	he most essential quality for successful Eng
images/000012312.jpg	 my grandma's house,because I miss her very
images/000012313.jpg	y! Every time he lost his temper, he ran to t
images/000012314.jpg	 used to spend a lot of time around butterflies
images/000012315.jpg	he better your spoken English will be. Nothing i
images/000012316.jpg	sked - what was his alternative idea. The m
images/000012317.jpg	ce upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, bri
images/000012318.jpg	ropitious life. However, he had regret.He had 
images/000012319.jpg	 her for several days.Last I will help m
images/000012320.jpg	mes up, indicating computers are playing a more
images/000012321.jpg	 of me, she also has to work. Therefore,
images/000012322.jpg	could not find food. Finally he went to the
images/000012323.jpg	d to the palace. He was quite happy that he
images/000012324.jpg	e and when he opened the package, he saw 
images/000012325.jpg	hirsty and decided to leave the trunk and drink
images/000012326.jpg	 a very prosperous life with abundance of wealth 
images/000012327.jpg	gle to transform from an ugly caterpillar in
images/000012328.jpg	ked his son to hammer one nail to the fence every
images/000012329.jpg	anism. If we treat our fellows with respect and
images/000012330.jpg	e proud that their king was so kind with a good h
images/000012331.jpg	nd the boy was able to pull out most of the
images/000012332.jpg	 butterflies. He knew how a butterfly wo
images/000012333.jpg	nd noticed that the bags of salt loaded 
images/000012334.jpg	he young man's actions were the example o
images/000012335.jpg	ey were walking along together. They had no
images/000012336.jpg	a cave”. The monkeys did not listen to the spa
images/000012337.jpg	er and anger were like that! Words are mor
images/000012338.jpg	e cloth. Parents may not be in favor of their c
images/000012339.jpg	l oral activities. The more you speak, the be
images/000012340.jpg	He had intolerable pain in his feet as i
images/000012341.jpg	he had controlled his anger. Several days pas
images/000012342.jpg	ould relax myself and be happy.A Hole in the F
images/000012343.jpg	y visiting all the human children to hav
images/000012344.jpg	A group of monkeys were on a tree. They were 
images/000012345.jpg	ed, “brings presents and toys to human children a
images/000012346.jpg	mmon human needs and seeks rational ways of sol
images/000012347.jpg	ase of the hours that people spend on compute
images/000012348.jpg	e of our society. Humanism calls for us to pay cl
images/000012349.jpg	e of the kingdom were very happy as they had a 
images/000012350.jpg	 to read English textbooks or jonrnals and attend
images/000012351.jpg	ty and decided to leave the trunk and dr
images/000012352.jpg	ids, neighbours and even his friends due to
images/000012353.jpg	tions should be responsible for solving t
images/000012354.jpg	 her in the holidays.What will you do on Summer 
images/000012355.jpg	rfly!One day, a man saw a cocoon. He lov
images/000012356.jpg	s give them strength and courage. They both help 
images/000012357.jpg	n to understand their children and keep the l
images/000012358.jpg	brilliant, and chronically depressed robot; and 
images/000012359.jpg	ld his father about the same.  The father app
images/000012360.jpg	ou see. Santa Claus is only for human childre
images/000012361.jpg	th several generations gathering around the t
images/000012362.jpg	en live with their parents even after th
images/000012363.jpg	 very hard for hours to come out through the tiny
images/000012364.jpg	re of me, she also has to work. Therefore, I wan
images/000012365.jpg	rs per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours to
images/000012366.jpg	 of leather cut in appropriate shape to c
images/000012367.jpg	ap exists in our daily life, whether you admit it
images/000012368.jpg	re playing a more and more important role in m
images/000012369.jpg	rfly looked no longer beautiful and had a swoll
images/000012370.jpg	“Does he also bring presents to animal chil
images/000012371.jpg	r some time the monkeys became very tired
images/000012372.jpg	n warmth, care and shelter, while friends give t
images/000012373.jpg	ading materials, which can also help accumulate a
images/000012374.jpg	rstand the world as it is, so they are t
images/000012375.jpg	 began a journey through space aided by a ga
images/000012376.jpg	e too big to fit through the hole.The fox was
images/000012377.jpg	quality for successful English learning is persev
images/000012378.jpg	 road.Unfortunately, the donkey slipped and f
images/000012379.jpg	,because I like playing soccer.During the summer 
images/000012380.jpg	 to read English textbooks or jonrnals and attend
images/000012381.jpg	lish lectures, while some students need to use 
images/000012382.jpg	d for hours to come out through the tiny ope
images/000012383.jpg	ce and pilgrim centres at distant places.
images/000012384.jpg	 She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefl
images/000012385.jpg	s the family in which he will grow up. Parents a
images/000012386.jpg	modern life.What has led to this phenomenon? A
images/000012387.jpg	 at distant places. He decided to travel by foot
images/000012388.jpg	hiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the la
images/000012389.jpg	ur fellows with respect and tolerance, many t
images/000012390.jpg	ny years. I guess he is too busy visiting 
images/000012391.jpg	ur Dent is plucked off the planet by his friend 
images/000012392.jpg	loth. Parents may not be in favor of their
images/000012393.jpg	ish we could find some fire. It will help us to 
images/000012394.jpg	rs. The number climbs more than ten times up, ind
images/000012395.jpg	e Right Son at the Right Time". The soldie
images/000012396.jpg	amples that demonstrate humanism. The spir
images/000012397.jpg	it, and he became very happy. He jumped into t
images/000012398.jpg	h president of the galaxy; Trillian (formerl
images/000012399.jpg	t want to undergo any struggle, we won’t
images/000012400.jpg	ock of fireflies. One of the young monkeys th
images/000012401.jpg	fortunately, the donkey slipped and fell in
images/000012402.jpg	 his donkey with bags of salt to go to th
images/000012403.jpg	nails that the boy could not pull out.The boy 
images/000012404.jpg	he shell for several hours. He spent almost more 
images/000012405.jpg	 had controlled his anger. Several days passed an
images/000012406.jpg	e of HumanismHumanism is a system of belief
images/000012407.jpg	 The soldier extended a helping hand to the ol
images/000012408.jpg	tice more to improve my skills.Second I will
images/000012409.jpg	ferent things appeal to different generations. Th
images/000012410.jpg	mping into the hole.”Computers and Modern
images/000012411.jpg	er. He told his father that it was severa
images/000012412.jpg	ning. Unfortunately, even after continuous att
images/000012413.jpg	, ranging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours.
images/000012414.jpg	him a huge bag of nails. He asked his son to hamm
images/000012415.jpg	ng cocoon. The butterfly emerged without any str
images/000012416.jpg	 well. In order to improve the ability of 
images/000012417.jpg	hey don’t care how I do well in the exam, 
images/000012418.jpg	wing at it.Some other monkeys also joined in h
images/000012419.jpg	e me do well in the exam. I want to be h
images/000012420.jpg	One day, his father gave him a huge bag of nails.
images/000012421.jpg	 school. Except for taking care of me, she also 
images/000012422.jpg	 was no progress. It seemed that the butte
images/000012423.jpg	a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf an
images/000012424.jpg	ed in almost every field of our life. Meanwhile, 
images/000012425.jpg	grim centres at distant places. He decided to
images/000012426.jpg	and taunt others with his words. His bad te
images/000012427.jpg	 think he will come if I write to him?” Emi
images/000012428.jpg	he number climbs more than ten times up,
images/000012429.jpg	ays friendly, welcoming, and generous to visit
images/000012430.jpg	upport the body.  Unfortunately, neither 
images/000012431.jpg	rs in a Chinese family are respectively more
images/000012432.jpg	glish-speakers, attend seminars, write let
images/000012433.jpg	he two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and
images/000012434.jpg	orld. He decided to sit over and watch how t
images/000012435.jpg	 order to improve the ability of English readi
images/000012436.jpg	animal children?” Emily asked.Short Stories 
images/000012437.jpg	he computer is a wonderful machine. Today i
images/000012438.jpg	could support the body.  Unfortunately, n
images/000012439.jpg	ortunately, the butterfly just crawled around wit
images/000012440.jpg	ock of fireflies. One of the young monkeys thoug
images/000012441.jpg	e-based advice or set themselves against wh
images/000012442.jpg	day! Every time he lost his temper, he ran t
images/000012443.jpg	sights into other cultures and keeps our m
images/000012444.jpg	 up his anger and develop kindness. Unfortunately
images/000012445.jpg	d a craze for its wonderful combination 
images/000012446.jpg	fteen years, has been posing as an out-of-wor
images/000012447.jpg	utlooks on the world, the gap between them w
images/000012448.jpg	way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is pl
images/000012449.jpg	 as it would destroy the life of thousand
images/000012450.jpg	th more bags of salt. As they reached the slipp
images/000012451.jpg	monkeys became very tired. Now they realized w
images/000012452.jpg	ravel to visit places of historical importance a
images/000012453.jpg	was go to school. Except for taking care of me,
images/000012454.jpg	o wings. Thus, the body would become lighte
images/000012455.jpg	 were very stony. He could not tolerate the 
images/000012456.jpg	nsible for solving the problem. As long as 
images/000012457.jpg	any things may turn out for the better. Humani
images/000012458.jpg	y the life of thousands of cows to get the 
images/000012459.jpg	ifferent opinions on the reasons why generati
images/000012460.jpg	a McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthu
images/000012461.jpg	calls for us to pay closer attention to our fello
images/000012462.jpg	s to a lot of reading materials, which can 
images/000012463.jpg	lidays and entertain friends. The household is al
images/000012464.jpg	 were busy building a snowman when Fritz
images/000012465.jpg	 in many ways to give up his anger and devel
images/000012466.jpg	n reaching the river he again fell into t
images/000012467.jpg	o give up his anger and develop kindness. Unfo
images/000012468.jpg	 member of the family contributes to household d
images/000012469.jpg	auded the minister. He ordered for a pair o
images/000012470.jpg	 want to kill the holy animal cow to cover the r
images/000012471.jpg	aded his donkey with bags of sponges.The fooli
images/000012472.jpg	keys were on a tree. They were clinging to i
images/000012473.jpg	try with leather so that people might feel comfor
images/000012474.jpg	.The man was happy that he made the butterfly 
images/000012475.jpg	 ‘a hole in the fence!’He told the boy, “The na
images/000012476.jpg	physical abuse! Use words for good. Use them to e
images/000012477.jpg	ough space aided by a galaxyful of fellow trav
images/000012478.jpg	eave the trunk and drink some water from a nearb
images/000012479.jpg	erfly. He got a pair of scissors and tweaked t
images/000012480.jpg	ch food that he became too big to fit through t
images/000012481.jpg	 he felt thirsty and decided to leave the trunk 
images/000012482.jpg	 salt on its back again.The merchant qu
images/000012483.jpg	nese families are proud of their harmony and unit
images/000012484.jpg	me the monkeys became very tired. Now th
images/000012485.jpg	ergo any struggle, we won’t be able to f
images/000012486.jpg	lays an important role in the maintenance of our
images/000012487.jpg	and the day arrived when no nail was hammere
images/000012488.jpg	cause I like playing soccer.During the summer
images/000012489.jpg	ce more to improve my skills.Second I wil
images/000012490.jpg	ld generation is too conservative to accept
images/000012491.jpg	rfly would have emerged like any other bea
images/000012492.jpg	It requires much time, commitment and dis
images/000012493.jpg	friends.After one was born, the first surro
images/000012494.jpg	hey should learn to understand their chi
images/000012495.jpg	A wise man from the ministry came to the king a
images/000012496.jpg	 walking along together. They had not wal
images/000012497.jpg	told, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy animal
images/000012498.jpg	ing in the world is difficult for one who se
images/000012499.jpg	autiful and colourful butterfly comes from an
images/000012500.jpg	no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did n
images/000012501.jpg	sed advice or set themselves against what the eld
images/000012502.jpg	he donkey slipped and fell into the river
images/000012503.jpg	 Both sides should talk over their problem
images/000012504.jpg	when I was go to school. Except for taking care
images/000012505.jpg	ople and accompany them. People of distant places
images/000012506.jpg	ility of English reading comprehension, 
images/000012507.jpg	 people either turn a deaf ear to the elders' ex
images/000012508.jpg	nomenon? As far as I know, it involves several r
images/000012509.jpg	red to the fence was reduced and the day 
images/000012510.jpg	y applied in almost every field of our life. M
images/000012511.jpg	oy the life of thousands of cows to get 
images/000012512.jpg	e have different opinions on the reasons 
images/000012513.jpg	ed down over and over again so that many 
images/000012514.jpg	reeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the pla
images/000012515.jpg	ar as I know, it involves several reasons. With
images/000012516.jpg	ister. He ordered for a pair of leather shoes fo
images/000012517.jpg	e very tired. Now they realized what the 
images/000012518.jpg	riends one can get into the society and 
images/000012519.jpg	rmer graduate student obsessed with the di
images/000012520.jpg	 and could not give any more try.The man, who h
images/000012521.jpg	d he tried, he could not get out of the h
images/000012522.jpg	ple and accompany them. People of distant pl
images/000012523.jpg	 her very much.I want to stay with her for s
images/000012524.jpg	or 30 times on the first day! Every time h
images/000012525.jpg	rying to make its way to enjoy its world. He dec
images/000012526.jpg	 little boy found it hilarious and accepted 
images/000012527.jpg	continued: “I think all of you should take she
images/000012528.jpg	le, immediately.The king thought that he had to 
images/000012529.jpg	re very happy as they had a very prospero
images/000012530.jpg	ening for the butterfly and removed the remainin
images/000012531.jpg	ich can also help accumulate and enlarge your voc
images/000012532.jpg	t quantity of leather and it would cost a huge
images/000012533.jpg	aid, “I wish we could find some fire. It w
images/000012534.jpg	me, she also has to work. Therefore, I w
images/000012535.jpg	o kill the holy animal cow to cover the road with
images/000012536.jpg	e generations is common.Chinese families 
images/000012537.jpg	hat it was several days that he did not 
images/000012538.jpg	 almost more than 10 hours with the cocoon and 
images/000012539.jpg	hould have some ideal qualities to succeed
images/000012540.jpg	 English better than you. Participate in all 
images/000012541.jpg	re more painful than physical abuse! Use w
images/000012542.jpg	her shoes for him and requested the countrymen to
images/000012543.jpg	he fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty a
images/000012544.jpg	al activities. The more you speak, the b
images/000012545.jpg	 change this for the betterment and happin
images/000012546.jpg	onderful machine. Today it is used a great dea
images/000012547.jpg	things. Computers largely broaden our visio
images/000012548.jpg	at he visited many pilgrim centres and could se
images/000012549.jpg	s keep their minds open to each other's outlooks 
images/000012550.jpg	k the same! It has scars all over! You c
images/000012551.jpg	to read English textbooks or jonrnals and atten
images/000012552.jpg	veral days passed and the boy was able to pull
images/000012553.jpg	the maintenance of our society. Humanism calls fo
images/000012554.jpg	 distant places were so happy to have a conversa
images/000012555.jpg	hole was a package. The hungry fox immediat
images/000012556.jpg	rength and courage. They both help children to 
images/000012557.jpg	 silly monkeys that is a firefly, not real f
images/000012558.jpg	 at the same time they must keep in mind t
images/000012559.jpg	 he caught sight of a big tree with a hole
images/000012560.jpg	. The butterfly emerged without any struggle
images/000012561.jpg	eed to use it to talk to English-speakers, attend
images/000012562.jpg	aking English better than you. Participat
images/000012563.jpg	ther appreciated him and asked him pointing to 
images/000012564.jpg	 finished eating, he felt thirsty and decide
images/000012565.jpg	However, no matter how hard he tried, he could
images/000012566.jpg	, the gap between them will be narrowed do
images/000012567.jpg	 not lose his temper. He told his father 
images/000012568.jpg	n a small village, a little boy lived wi
images/000012569.jpg	 and keeps our minds open to better ways of 
images/000012570.jpg	manism can be as important as actual medical 
images/000012571.jpg	 beautiful and colourful butterfly comes fr
images/000012572.jpg	g. However, no matter how hard he tried, he
images/000012573.jpg	r, there remained a few nails that the boy co
images/000012574.jpg	. Unfortunately, even after continuous attem
images/000012575.jpg	English learning. It requires much time, commi
images/000012576.jpg	th. Parents may not be in favor of their chi
images/000012577.jpg	at his father said.The nails drove him to hamm
images/000012578.jpg	veral days passed and the boy was able t
images/000012579.jpg	 old generation is too conservative to accep
images/000012580.jpg	bag of nails. He asked his son to hammer one na
images/000012581.jpg	man children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forge
images/000012582.jpg	nd decided to leave the trunk and drink some
images/000012583.jpg	n which he will grow up. Parents are children's
images/000012584.jpg	.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, sh
images/000012585.jpg	to hear his order as it would destroy the life of
images/000012586.jpg	bring presents to animal children?” Emil
images/000012587.jpg	re for food. Suddenly he caught sight of a bi
images/000012588.jpg	ox could not find food. Finally he went to
images/000012589.jpg	 over and over again so that many people can
images/000012590.jpg	 your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed wh
images/000012591.jpg	pid progressing of the society, computers ar
images/000012592.jpg	oticed that the bags of salt loaded on his back b
images/000012593.jpg	matter how hard he tried, the fox could not fin
images/000012594.jpg	 family contributes to household duties, 
images/000012595.jpg	With the rapid progressing of the societ
images/000012596.jpg	 to us. It makes us do things more quickly.
images/000012597.jpg	in the tree trunk while he cut down trees i
images/000012598.jpg	er.There was nothing the merchant could do, exce
images/000012599.jpg	y came to the king and said that he had another i
images/000012600.jpg	n,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about the 
images/000012601.jpg	o the river and noticed that the bags of s
images/000012602.jpg	h sides should talk over their problems with e
images/000012603.jpg	we die? For all the answers, stick your thumb to
images/000012604.jpg	emper. He told his father that it was sever
images/000012605.jpg	 I want to help her in the holidays.What 
images/000012606.jpg	uters per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours t
images/000012607.jpg	omenon? As far as I know, it involves several 
images/000012608.jpg	ld woodcutter had placed the food in the tre
images/000012609.jpg	rrassing mistakes.In short, the most essentia
images/000012610.jpg	at has led to this phenomenon? As far as I kno
images/000012611.jpg	ldren,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget a
images/000012612.jpg	same cloth. Parents may not be in favor of t
images/000012613.jpg	 socialize together, with several generation
images/000012614.jpg	or hours to come out through the tiny opening. Un
images/000012615.jpg	oot to interact with his people and accom
images/000012616.jpg	amples of human goodness can remind us of the mea
images/000012617.jpg	e, there was a hungry fox that was looking for
images/000012618.jpg	at is a firefly, not real fire”.The sparrow co
images/000012619.jpg	ys.What will you do on Summer Holiday?When I
images/000012620.jpg	nts need to use it to talk to English-speakers, 
images/000012621.jpg	give them strength and courage. They both help
images/000012622.jpg	ople and accompany them. People of distant 
images/000012623.jpg	erfly would struggle to transform from an
images/000012624.jpg	sors and tweaked the cocoon to make larger openi
images/000012625.jpg	 whole idea. Let’s go home now before you c
images/000012626.jpg	ax myself and be happy.A Hole in the Fen
images/000012627.jpg	n years, has been posing as an out-of-work a
images/000012628.jpg	ampie,first I will jion a soccer club,because
images/000012629.jpg	ving, friends make another important part 
images/000012630.jpg	e-based advice or set themselves against what t
images/000012631.jpg	gle to transform from an ugly caterpillar into a
images/000012632.jpg	y monkeys that is a firefly, not real fire
images/000012633.jpg	 as he had controlled his anger. Several day
images/000012634.jpg	. He was quite happy that he visited many p
images/000012635.jpg	 butterfly had been struggling very hard for
images/000012636.jpg	an did it with good intention, only going 
images/000012637.jpg	l ways of solving human problems.There are many
images/000012638.jpg	 struggle to transform from an ugly caterpill
images/000012639.jpg	flies and had a craze for its wonderful combinati
images/000012640.jpg	 help children to understand the world as it is
images/000012641.jpg	ne beautiful spring morning, a merchant load
images/000012642.jpg	Claus,” I explained, “brings presents and
images/000012643.jpg	a conversation with their king and they we
images/000012644.jpg	lders have been proud of.People have different
images/000012645.jpg	ttempts failed. Finally, the boy’s father came
images/000012646.jpg	people either turn a deaf ear to the elders' expe
images/000012647.jpg	in English learning. It requires much tim
images/000012648.jpg	visit places of historical importance and pi
images/000012649.jpg	 makes the world a more beautiful place to 
images/000012650.jpg	or firefly.After some time the monkeys beca
images/000012651.jpg	 butterfly emerged without any struggle!
images/000012652.jpg	ociety, so by contacting with friends on
images/000012653.jpg	 the holy animal cow to cover the road with l
images/000012654.jpg	xtended a helping hand to the old man in time 
images/000012655.jpg	ly applied in almost every field of our 
images/000012656.jpg	rt into wings. Thus, the body would becom
images/000012657.jpg	feel embarrassed when making some embarrassin
images/000012658.jpg	t, and chronically depressed robot; and Vee
images/000012659.jpg	h is demolished to make way for a galactic 
images/000012660.jpg	ined, “brings presents and toys to human c
images/000012661.jpg	on at the Right Time". The soldier extended a
images/000012662.jpg	ce the relationships. Use them to show your
images/000012663.jpg	o the fence every time he became angry a
images/000012664.jpg	l the ballpoint pens he's bought over the y
images/000012665.jpg	ed with the disappearance of all the ballpoint p
images/000012666.jpg	ay! Every time he lost his temper, he ran to the 
images/000012667.jpg	 society, computers are now widely applied in 
images/000012668.jpg	 of the whole country with leather so that
images/000012669.jpg	behavior. In the event of a life-threatening eme
images/000012670.jpg	ly more than in other countries' family. In Ch
images/000012671.jpg	 - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring
images/000012672.jpg	happy. He jumped into the hole and when he opene
images/000012673.jpg	nal ways of solving human problems.There are m
images/000012674.jpg	ody. It was never able to fly all through i
images/000012675.jpg	her turn a deaf ear to the elders' experience-b
images/000012676.jpg	ireflies. One of the young monkeys thought it wa
images/000012677.jpg	g. It requires much time, commitment and
images/000012678.jpg	around butterflies. He knew how a butterf
images/000012679.jpg	is father gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked
images/000012680.jpg	hange Yourself and not The WorldLong ago, peop
images/000012681.jpg	fortunately, neither the wings expanded or e
images/000012682.jpg	that at any time, the butterfly might expan
images/000012683.jpg	 time they must keep in mind that different th
images/000012684.jpg	duced her.“Emily is from the South and h
images/000012685.jpg	riends due to anger. He invited all worries 
images/000012686.jpg	 have emerged like any other beautiful butterfli
images/000012687.jpg	t of the cocoon without any more struggles. H
images/000012688.jpg	ch time, commitment and discipline to learn 
images/000012689.jpg	t have a piece of leather cut in appropriate sh
images/000012690.jpg	ly had been struggling very hard for hours
images/000012691.jpg	e hungry fox immediately thought that ther
images/000012692.jpg	 favor of their children's hairstyle and
images/000012693.jpg	arket in order to sell them. The merchant and his
images/000012694.jpg	ould let the fluid stored in the body conver
images/000012695.jpg	ence. Again, you cannot pull out a few nails
images/000012696.jpg	revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guid
images/000012697.jpg	ta Claus is only for human children,” Frit
images/000012698.jpg	terflies and had a craze for its wonderful
images/000012699.jpg	used to get angry very soon and taunt othe
images/000012700.jpg	ents tell me that they don’t care how I do 
images/000012701.jpg	m! Here is the story of a butterfly that was n
images/000012702.jpg	totally out-to-lunch president of the gala
images/000012703.jpg	 butterfly was trying to make its way to enjo
images/000012704.jpg	h food that he became too big to fit throu
images/000012705.jpg	ve many pleasant characters. If we say that fa
images/000012706.jpg	ning, a merchant loaded his donkey with bags 
images/000012707.jpg	er were like that! Words are more painful
images/000012708.jpg	een snow before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t kno
images/000012709.jpg	 a cocktail party once upon a time zone; Marvin,
images/000012710.jpg	South and has never seen snow before,” Frit
images/000012711.jpg	prove my skills.Second I will go to my g
images/000012712.jpg	. It requires much time, commitment and discipl
images/000012713.jpg	nce a person's growth. There are two apparent
images/000012714.jpg	 vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when makin
images/000012715.jpg	 very happy as they had a very prosperous life wi
images/000012716.jpg	ng, a merchant loaded his donkey with bags o
images/000012717.jpg	gs and huge body. It was never able to fly 
images/000012718.jpg	 generation is keen on are disgusting to the
images/000012719.jpg	t was several days that he did not hammer any 
images/000012720.jpg	ing of three generations is common.Chinese f
images/000012721.jpg	e time the monkeys became very tired. Now
images/000012722.jpg	ot find food. Finally he went to the edg
images/000012723.jpg	to household duties, including the children. Ch
images/000012724.jpg	, attend seminars, write letters, etc.St
images/000012725.jpg	lies! The continuous effort from the butterfly t
images/000012726.jpg	enceIn a small village, a little boy lived wi
images/000012727.jpg	ail to the fence every time he became angry and 
images/000012728.jpg	, indicating computers are playing a more and 
images/000012729.jpg	ect and tolerance, many things may turn o
images/000012730.jpg	 sociable.In a word, families offer children
images/000012731.jpg	while, thanks to the decline of cost and
images/000012732.jpg	y were clinging to its branches. One of the m
images/000012733.jpg	, so by contacting with friends one can g
images/000012734.jpg	y were doing. The sparrow laughed. She sa
images/000012735.jpg	 makes us do things more quickly. Further more,
images/000012736.jpg	y. Don't feel embarrassed when making some embar
images/000012737.jpg	bout 19 hours. The number climbs more than
images/000012738.jpg	em. The parents of the little boy were very de
images/000012739.jpg	 English reading comprehension, one should
images/000012740.jpg	go home now before you catch a cold.”Cha
images/000012741.jpg	Students should have some ideal qualities to suc
images/000012742.jpg	ne of the monkeys said, “I wish we could 
images/000012743.jpg	n important role in shaping children's ch
images/000012744.jpg	r they get married. So a household consisting
images/000012745.jpg	lems with each other actively, sincerely and f
images/000012746.jpg	keyOne beautiful spring morning, a mercha
images/000012747.jpg	ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch president 
images/000012748.jpg	food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree with
images/000012749.jpg	 lot of benefits to us. It makes us do things mo
images/000012750.jpg	n its back again.The merchant quickly d
images/000012751.jpg	 decline of cost and the fierce market co
images/000012752.jpg	understand the world as it is, so they a
images/000012753.jpg	ish better than you. Participate in all or
images/000012754.jpg	k while he cut down trees in the forest. He 
images/000012755.jpg	st crawled around with withered wings an
images/000012756.jpg	ning. It meant that the butterfly was try
images/000012757.jpg	 a household consisting of three generat
images/000012758.jpg	For all the answers, stick your thumb to th
images/000012759.jpg	might expand the wings, shrink the body and the
images/000012760.jpg	prosperous life with abundance of wealth and no 
images/000012761.jpg	med that the butterfly tried its best and 
images/000012762.jpg	 I said, “he hasn’t been around this part of the
images/000012763.jpg	were stunned to hear his order as it woul
images/000012764.jpg	o visitors who can drop in on friends and rela
images/000012765.jpg	ore try.The man, who had a passion and love for
images/000012766.jpg	s a cold and silent night. The weather was freezi
images/000012767.jpg	od. Use them to embrace the relationships. 
images/000012768.jpg	ppy families tend to have many pleasant characte
images/000012769.jpg	eather and it would cost a huge amount of money 
images/000012770.jpg	s of seeing things. Computers largely br
images/000012771.jpg	menon? As far as I know, it involves several 
images/000012772.jpg	orest and searched there for food. Suddenly he 
images/000012773.jpg	uch pressure on myself. One day, my parents
images/000012774.jpg	 for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked
images/000012775.jpg	erfly might expand the wings, shrink the bo
images/000012776.jpg	-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and total
images/000012777.jpg	 to the palace. He was quite happy that he 
images/000012778.jpg	il was hammered! Yet, the boy did not los
images/000012779.jpg	ying to make its way to enjoy its world.
images/000012780.jpg	lies tend to socialize together, with several ge
images/000012781.jpg	f leather and it would cost a huge amount
images/000012782.jpg	minds open to better ways of seeing things. Compu
images/000012783.jpg	 us insights into other cultures and keep
images/000012784.jpg	ant me to be happy. I know I should relax m
images/000012785.jpg	over and over again so that many people c
images/000012786.jpg	 struggles the butterfly would have emer
images/000012787.jpg	ong ago, people happily lived under the rule
images/000012788.jpg	lish reading comprehension, one should get 
images/000012789.jpg	imals.”“Do you think he will come if I wr
images/000012790.jpg	ttention to our fellows. Occasional examples of h
images/000012791.jpg	 should take shelter in a cave”. The monkey
images/000012792.jpg	 that they don’t care how I do well in th
images/000012793.jpg	y would struggle to transform from an ug
images/000012794.jpg	ht Time". The soldier extended a helping hand to
images/000012795.jpg	se who grow up in happy families tend to h
images/000012796.jpg	lays an important role in the maintenance of
images/000012797.jpg	he spirit of humanism is apparent in the story
images/000012798.jpg	t to the edge of the forest and searched the
images/000012799.jpg	 cut down trees in the forest. He was goin
images/000012800.jpg	e of our society. Humanism calls for us to pay c
images/000012801.jpg	t through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even a
images/000012802.jpg	y. In China, children live with their paren
images/000012803.jpg	keys were sitting on the same tree. She notice
images/000012804.jpg	erchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morni
images/000012805.jpg	ething to eat. He was very hungry. No matter ho
images/000012806.jpg	in happy families tend to have many pleasant cha
images/000012807.jpg	ago, people happily lived under the rule of 
images/000012808.jpg	The king decided to go on a travel to visit place
images/000012809.jpg	o-lunch president of the galaxy; Trillia
images/000012810.jpg	t tolerate the pain as he walked all the way thr
images/000012811.jpg	e little boy were very depressed due to his ba
images/000012812.jpg	blems with each other actively, sincerely an
images/000012813.jpg	After several weeks, he returned to the palace
images/000012814.jpg	arvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically d
images/000012815.jpg	anger were like that! Words are more painful t
images/000012816.jpg	nce upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, bril
images/000012817.jpg	edge of the forest and searched there for foo
images/000012818.jpg	 reasons. With the rapid progressing of th
images/000012819.jpg	and when he opened the package, he saw there wer
images/000012820.jpg	ealing worm! Here is the story of a butterfly th
images/000012821.jpg	enefits to us. It makes us do things more
images/000012822.jpg	ould not pull out.The boy told his father abo
images/000012823.jpg	 friends make another important part in shaping
images/000012824.jpg	y the life of thousands of cows to get the suf
images/000012825.jpg	get angry very soon and taunt others with h
images/000012826.jpg	 laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys tha
images/000012827.jpg	erful machine. Today it is used a great deal.
images/000012828.jpg	 He knew how a butterfly would struggle to transf
images/000012829.jpg	struggles the butterfly would have emerged li
images/000012830.jpg	both of them. Most of the things that yo
images/000012831.jpg	tell me that they don’t care how I do well in 
images/000012832.jpg	e tree trunk while he cut down trees in t
images/000012833.jpg	of a butterfly that was never able to live a l
images/000012834.jpg	at. He was very hungry. No matter how hard
images/000012835.jpg	eople can afford their own personal computers.T
images/000012836.jpg	mal cow to cover the road with leather? Rath
images/000012837.jpg	generations. Those who grow up in happy fami
images/000012838.jpg	in, you cannot pull out a few nails. The fenc
images/000012839.jpg	friends and relatives without previous inv
images/000012840.jpg	 in almost every field of our life. Mean
images/000012841.jpg	iendly, welcoming, and generous to visito
images/000012842.jpg	n favor of their children's hairstyle and we
images/000012843.jpg	sters were stunned to hear his order as it would
images/000012844.jpg	 butterfly. The butterfly had been struggling 
images/000012845.jpg	ot hammer any nail and he did not lose his
images/000012846.jpg	 body convert into wings. Thus, the body
images/000012847.jpg	 way. On reaching the river he again fell 
images/000012848.jpg	r and over again so that many people can affo
images/000012849.jpg	with good intention, only going through the str
images/000012850.jpg	erchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morni
images/000012851.jpg	 for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked 
images/000012852.jpg	ding comprehension, one should get acces
images/000012853.jpg	rb both of them. Most of the things that y
images/000012854.jpg	 children to have much time left for ani
images/000012855.jpg	ome housework. She was really tired when I was go
images/000012856.jpg	in shaping children's character. As pare
images/000012857.jpg	sh-speakers, attend seminars, write letters
images/000012858.jpg	d in almost every field of our life. Meanwhile,
images/000012859.jpg	th his words. His bad temper made him fal
images/000012860.jpg	r holiday, I want to practice more to impr
images/000012861.jpg	parents tell me that they don’t care how I d
images/000012862.jpg	ies offer children warmth, care and shelter, whi
images/000012863.jpg	s. Occasional examples of human goodness
images/000012864.jpg	 woodcutter had placed the food in the tree t
images/000012865.jpg	ail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his 
images/000012866.jpg	ally out-to-lunch president of the galaxy; T
images/000012867.jpg	on the first day! Every time he lost his temper, 
images/000012868.jpg	new how a butterfly would struggle to tran
images/000012869.jpg	ll out.The boy told his father about the
images/000012870.jpg	tlooks on the world, the gap between them
images/000012871.jpg	inese families are proud of their harmony and 
images/000012872.jpg	a helping hand to the old man in time of need.
images/000012873.jpg	e country with leather so that people migh
images/000012874.jpg	d the wings, shrink the body and the wings
images/000012875.jpg	 why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food that he
images/000012876.jpg	drastic increase of the hours that people 
images/000012877.jpg	e forever. Your bad temper and anger were like th
images/000012878.jpg	 was born, the first surroundings is the family 
images/000012879.jpg	een them will be narrowed down in time. Both si
images/000012880.jpg	per!Now, his father told him to remove 
images/000012881.jpg	onger beautiful and had a swollen body with sma
images/000012882.jpg	t, he used to spend a lot of time around butter
images/000012883.jpg	s were sitting on the same tree. She notic
images/000012884.jpg	vor of their children's hairstyle and we
images/000012885.jpg	 about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo
images/000012886.jpg	th the cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly h
images/000012887.jpg	firefly and moved to a nearby cave.The Hu
images/000012888.jpg	hould learn to understand their children
images/000012889.jpg	 plucked off the planet by his friend Ford Pre
images/000012890.jpg	e Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I wer
images/000012891.jpg	hem. People of distant places were so happy to
images/000012892.jpg	as go to school. Except for taking care of m
images/000012893.jpg	illage, a little boy lived with his father an
images/000012894.jpg	onkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a merchan
images/000012895.jpg	he answers, stick your thumb to the stars
images/000012896.jpg	in the fence for 30 times on the first day! Ever
images/000012897.jpg	d on the fence was reduced to half. The 
images/000012898.jpg	ep the lines of communications with them open, a
images/000012899.jpg	s reduced to half. The little boy found it
images/000012900.jpg	e wound will remain there forever. Your bad te
images/000012901.jpg	n to the sparrow. They continued to blow at our p
images/000012902.jpg	 competition, the price has been marked down o
images/000012903.jpg	 same time they must keep in mind that different 
images/000012904.jpg	h well. In order to improve the ability of Engl
images/000012905.jpg	English lectures, while some students ne
images/000012906.jpg	 household is always friendly, welcoming, an
images/000012907.jpg	better than you. Participate in all oral act
images/000012908.jpg	red in the body convert into wings. Thus, the bo
images/000012909.jpg	years. I guess he is too busy visiting all the h
images/000012910.jpg	lows. Occasional examples of human goodn
images/000012911.jpg	e river and noticed that the bags of salt loaded
images/000012912.jpg	e Earth is demolished to make way for a galact
images/000012913.jpg	out.The boy told his father about the same.  Th
images/000012914.jpg	mputer is a wonderful machine. Today it is used 
images/000012915.jpg	 many ways to give up his anger and develop kind
images/000012916.jpg	r, there remained a few nails that the boy
images/000012917.jpg	d another idea.The king asked - what was 
images/000012918.jpg	o apparent factors which affect a person
images/000012919.jpg	y do we die? For all the answers, stick your th
images/000012920.jpg	hours, there was no progress. It seemed that t
images/000012921.jpg	see me do well in the exam. I want to be ha
images/000012922.jpg	me out of its cocoon would let the fluid
images/000012923.jpg	ting all the human children to have much
images/000012924.jpg	respect and tolerance, many things may t
images/000012925.jpg	 watch how the butterfly would come out 
images/000012926.jpg	If we say that families offer the environment 
images/000012927.jpg	tant places were so happy to have a conversati
images/000012928.jpg	ight expand the wings, shrink the body a
images/000012929.jpg	an stab a man with a knife, but the wound wi
images/000012930.jpg	tterfly comes from an unappealing worm! H
images/000012931.jpg	re was nothing the merchant could do, except retu
images/000012932.jpg	all the students need English and they n
images/000012933.jpg	or a pair of leather shoes for him and r
images/000012934.jpg	irsty and decided to leave the trunk and dr
images/000012935.jpg	Humanism is a system of beliefs that focuses o
images/000012936.jpg	ion and love for butterflies decided to help t
images/000012937.jpg	 as an out-of-work actor.Together, this 
images/000012938.jpg	butterfly tried its best and could not gi
images/000012939.jpg	 was no progress. It seemed that the butterfly
images/000012940.jpg	ken into account. These different ideas 
images/000012941.jpg	ther important part in shaping children'
images/000012942.jpg	eople spend on computers per week, ranging from a
images/000012943.jpg	on the reasons why generation gap comes in
images/000012944.jpg	he body would become lighter and smaller an
images/000012945.jpg	saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that t
images/000012946.jpg	rld humanism plays an important role in t
images/000012947.jpg	a journey through space aided by a galax
images/000012948.jpg	esents and toys to human children at Chris
images/000012949.jpg	d English textbooks or jonrnals and atte
images/000012950.jpg	ind us of the meaning of humanism. If we treat ou
images/000012951.jpg	what was his alternative idea. The minister tol
images/000012952.jpg	appealing worm! Here is the story of a butte
images/000012953.jpg	lop kindness. Unfortunately, all their attem
images/000012954.jpg	ng a more and more important role in moder
images/000012955.jpg	so that many people can afford their own perso
images/000012956.jpg	r turn a deaf ear to the elders' experience-ba
images/000012957.jpg	ns with them open, at the same time they mus
images/000012958.jpg	 in time of need. The young man's actions were t
images/000012959.jpg	 important role in the maintenance of our so
images/000012960.jpg	. I know I should relax myself and be happy
images/000012961.jpg	 may influence a person's growth. There are
images/000012962.jpg	es. Young people either turn a deaf ear 
images/000012963.jpg	 hammer any nail and he did not lose his temper!
images/000012964.jpg	 of nails hammered on the fence was reduced 
images/000012965.jpg	 just want me to be happy. I know I should
images/000012966.jpg	t will you do on Summer Holiday?When I do well i
images/000012967.jpg	 so that many people can afford their own p
images/000012968.jpg	fter they get married. So a household consi
images/000012969.jpg	m the same cloth. Parents may not be in 
images/000012970.jpg	 from the ministry came to the king and sai
images/000012971.jpg	ting with friends one can get into the societ
images/000012972.jpg	of its cocoon would let the fluid stored in
images/000012973.jpg	ng all the human children to have much t
images/000012974.jpg	xyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beebleb
images/000012975.jpg	or not. When it comes to the problem of g
images/000012976.jpg	dren at Christmas time.”“Does he also br
images/000012977.jpg	es in the forest. He was going to eat it 
images/000012978.jpg	parents tell me that they don’t care how I do 
images/000012979.jpg	 The sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly m
images/000012980.jpg	ill show my paper to my parents, they are
images/000012981.jpg	d see his fellow people leading a propitious 
images/000012982.jpg	ed to use it to talk to English-speakers, at
images/000012983.jpg	ey had a very prosperous life with abundance o
images/000012984.jpg	s Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen y
images/000012985.jpg	y. Don't feel embarrassed when making some emba
images/000012986.jpg	lies. He knew how a butterfly would struggle
images/000012987.jpg	ng along together. They had not walked far whe
images/000012988.jpg	merchant loaded his donkey with bags of salt to
images/000012989.jpg	 tolerate the pain as he walked all the way throu
images/000012990.jpg	 number of nails hammered to the fence was 
images/000012991.jpg	ugh the struggles the butterfly would have e
images/000012992.jpg	se his temper. The little boy found it hilar
images/000012993.jpg	ys, the number of nails hammered on the fence w
images/000012994.jpg	d of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline 
images/000012995.jpg	e hammered on people. You can remove the n
images/000012996.jpg	armony and unity. Each member of the family 
images/000012997.jpg	iend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the re
images/000012998.jpg	d come out of the cocoon. He was watchin
images/000012999.jpg	't feel embarrassed when making some embarras
images/000013000.jpg	ly does play an important role in shaping ch
images/000013001.jpg	 not find food. Finally he went to the ed
images/000013002.jpg	the maintenance of our society. Humanism
images/000013003.jpg	und this part of the forest for many years.
images/000013004.jpg	t part in shaping children's personality. Friends
images/000013005.jpg	 families offer the environment of living, 
images/000013006.jpg	tem of beliefs that focuses on common human needs
images/000013007.jpg	that he became too big to fit through the 
images/000013008.jpg	he saw there were a lot of food, bread, meat a
images/000013009.jpg	 whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail 
images/000013010.jpg	ome ideal qualities to succeed in English learnin
images/000013011.jpg	 relationships. Use them to show your heart
images/000013012.jpg	l computers.The computer has brought a l
images/000013013.jpg	d wings and huge body. It was never able to fly 
images/000013014.jpg	will show my paper to my parents, they are 
images/000013015.jpg	them open, at the same time they must keep in min
images/000013016.jpg	children. Chinese families tend to socia
images/000013017.jpg	e in shaping children's character. As pa
images/000013018.jpg	e spoke in anger, his friends and neighb
images/000013019.jpg	rent ideas disturb both of them. Most of the thin
images/000013020.jpg	ou know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much foo
images/000013021.jpg	han 10 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly. T
images/000013022.jpg	ff the planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a re
images/000013023.jpg	ons between children and the society, so by c
images/000013024.jpg	ut of the cocoon without any more strugg
images/000013025.jpg	ressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former
images/000013026.jpg	Unfortunately, neither the wings expanded or en
images/000013027.jpg	 families offer children warmth, care and 
images/000013028.jpg	other's outlooks on the world, the gap between 
images/000013029.jpg	ost of the things that young generation is ke
images/000013030.jpg	 fireflies. One of the young monkeys thought 
images/000013031.jpg	n marked down over and over again so that many p
images/000013032.jpg	tudents need it to read English textbooks or jonr
images/000013033.jpg	he water. But instead of the load becoming light
images/000013034.jpg	n so that many people can afford their own p
images/000013035.jpg	ve a conversation with their king and they were
images/000013036.jpg	me water from a nearby spring. However, no ma
images/000013037.jpg	an also help accumulate and enlarge your vo
images/000013038.jpg	role in the maintenance of our society. Humanism
images/000013039.jpg	d out Emily also didn’t know much about Christmas
images/000013040.jpg	omes from an unappealing worm! Here is the stor
images/000013041.jpg	he bags of salt on its back again.The mercha
images/000013042.jpg	een children and the society, so by contacting 
images/000013043.jpg	ld see his fellow people leading a propitious 
images/000013044.jpg	uch about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, 
images/000013045.jpg	her very much.I want to stay with her for se
images/000013046.jpg	as reduced and the day arrived when no nail was
images/000013047.jpg	 presents and toys to human children at Ch
images/000013048.jpg	ime. Both sides should talk over their pro
images/000013049.jpg	tacting with friends one can get into the society
images/000013050.jpg	autiful and colourful butterfly comes from an una
images/000013051.jpg	en snow before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know
images/000013052.jpg	 king. The people of the kingdom were very happy 
images/000013053.jpg	 of nails hammered on the fence was reduced to
images/000013054.jpg	 use it to talk to English-speakers, attend semin
images/000013055.jpg	come out through the tiny opening. Unfortunatel
images/000013056.jpg	ry much.I want to stay with her for several
images/000013057.jpg	d even though you find others speaking Eng
images/000013058.jpg	 of the cocoon without any more struggles. H
images/000013059.jpg	 like playing soccer.During the summer holid
images/000013060.jpg	s ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Parent
images/000013061.jpg	s father and mother. He was the only son for the
images/000013062.jpg	ant could do, except return home where he loade
images/000013063.jpg	rite to him?” Emily asked.“I don’t think so,
images/000013064.jpg	 travel by foot to interact with his people an
images/000013065.jpg	bring presents to animal children?” Emily asked.
images/000013066.jpg	lized what the sparrow had said was correct.
images/000013067.jpg	roblem of generation gap, people's ideas
images/000013068.jpg	computer is a wonderful machine. Today it 
images/000013069.jpg	l the holy animal cow to cover the road with
images/000013070.jpg	ing to do many things that I want to do. 
images/000013071.jpg	e in all oral activities. The more you speak, the
images/000013072.jpg	ined, “brings presents and toys to human children
images/000013073.jpg	ppy to see me do well in the exam. I want to
images/000013074.jpg	He knew how a butterfly would struggle to tr
images/000013075.jpg	 and fell into the river and noticed that the
images/000013076.jpg	he made the butterfly come out of the cocoon
images/000013077.jpg	you should take shelter in a cave”. The mo
images/000013078.jpg	.He caught a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf
images/000013079.jpg	er again so that many people can afford 
images/000013080.jpg	n the forest. He was going to eat it for his lu
images/000013081.jpg	 modern life.What has led to this pheno
images/000013082.jpg	need it to read English textbooks or jonrnals and
images/000013083.jpg	his father that it was several days that he
images/000013084.jpg	, a little boy lived with his father and 
images/000013085.jpg	 its cocoon would let the fluid stored in th
images/000013086.jpg	the exam. I want to be happy all the time. But 
images/000013087.jpg	e do well in the exam. I want to be happy all th
images/000013088.jpg	and smaller and the wings would be beautiful an
images/000013089.jpg	pay closer attention to our fellows. Occasion
images/000013090.jpg	rrow had said was correct.They set free the f
images/000013091.jpg	r cultures and keeps our minds open to better way
images/000013092.jpg	t of reading materials, which can also h
images/000013093.jpg	e I miss her very much.I want to stay with her f
images/000013094.jpg	ny opening. Unfortunately, even after con
images/000013095.jpg	er the nails and decided to control his temp
images/000013096.jpg	umanism is apparent in the story of "The Rig
images/000013097.jpg	society. Humanism calls for us to pay closer
images/000013098.jpg	der as it would destroy the life of thous
images/000013099.jpg	too conservative to accept anything new. Their 
images/000013100.jpg	it was his first trip by foot to longer distanc
images/000013101.jpg	h withered wings and huge body. It was never a
images/000013102.jpg	 friends make another important part in shaping c
images/000013103.jpg	as he had controlled his anger. Several da
images/000013104.jpg	 we don’t want to undergo any struggle, we 
images/000013105.jpg	he sparrow continued: “I think all of you shoul
images/000013106.jpg	e responsible for solving the problem. As long 
images/000013107.jpg	ceed in English learning. It requires much 
images/000013108.jpg	udents need it to read English textbooks or jon
images/000013109.jpg	r. They had not walked far when they reac
images/000013110.jpg	 a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically depressed
images/000013111.jpg	g of three generations is common.Chines
images/000013112.jpg	continuous attempts for several hours, there was
images/000013113.jpg	hristmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he h
images/000013114.jpg	mmer the nails and decided to control his temper.
images/000013115.jpg	r the better. Humanism makes the world a mor
images/000013116.jpg	phod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, e
images/000013117.jpg	e monkeys became very tired. Now they re
images/000013118.jpg	urposes. Some students need it to read English
images/000013119.jpg	word, families offer children warmth, care and
images/000013120.jpg	emind us of the meaning of humanism. If we t
images/000013121.jpg	ow hard he tried, he could not get out of the ho
images/000013122.jpg	es offer the environment of living, friend
images/000013123.jpg	 daily life, whether you admit it or not. When i
images/000013124.jpg	irst trip by foot to longer distance. He
images/000013125.jpg	 a time, there was a hungry fox that was lo
images/000013126.jpg	ings that young generation is keen on are
images/000013127.jpg	of nails hammered on the fence was reduced 
images/000013128.jpg	the food in the tree trunk while he cut down
images/000013129.jpg	s trick. He then returned home again but re-loade
images/000013130.jpg	sm calls for us to pay closer attention 
images/000013131.jpg	end on computers per week, ranging from about 1.5
images/000013132.jpg	eblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie
images/000013133.jpg	spend on computers per week, ranging from
images/000013134.jpg	 can remove the nails but still see the holes
images/000013135.jpg	think that maybe the old generation is too
images/000013136.jpg	e king thought that he had to change this fo
images/000013137.jpg	t to hammer the nails and decided to control 
images/000013138.jpg	 the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie 
images/000013139.jpg	own in time. Both sides should talk over th
images/000013140.jpg	he also bring presents to animal children?” 
images/000013141.jpg	butterfly might expand the wings, shrink 
images/000013142.jpg	ooked no longer beautiful and had a swolle
images/000013143.jpg	nt me to be happy. I know I should relax 
images/000013144.jpg	ining cocoon. The butterfly emerged without 
images/000013145.jpg	fellows with respect and tolerance, many
images/000013146.jpg	o joined in his effort.A sparrow came f
images/000013147.jpg	ather appreciated him and asked him point
images/000013148.jpg	ity for successful English learning is persev
images/000013149.jpg	worries for his parents through the verbal
images/000013150.jpg	0 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly. The 
images/000013151.jpg	 English will be. Nothing in the world is di
images/000013152.jpg	aracters. If we say that families offer the en
images/000013153.jpg	heavier.Cocoon and the ButterflyMany of us kno
images/000013154.jpg	 his first trip by foot to longer distance. He
images/000013155.jpg	or angry words. He scolded kids, neighbours
images/000013156.jpg	t be intimidated even though you find others sp
images/000013157.jpg	might expand the wings, shrink the body and
images/000013158.jpg	 time, commitment and discipline to learn Engli
images/000013159.jpg	p. Parents are children's first teachers, 
images/000013160.jpg	lot of reading materials, which can also
images/000013161.jpg	I think all of you should take shelter i
images/000013162.jpg	nglish better than you. Participate in a
images/000013163.jpg	r and anger were like that! Words are more painf
images/000013164.jpg	 clinging to its branches. One of the monke
images/000013165.jpg	 our society. Humanism calls for us to pa
images/000013166.jpg	w I do well in the exam, they just want me to be 
images/000013167.jpg	his friends due to anger. He invited all worrie
images/000013168.jpg	umber of nails hammered on the fence was reduc
images/000013169.jpg	ts need to use it to talk to English-speaker
images/000013170.jpg	s us do things more quickly. Further mor
images/000013171.jpg	 night. The weather was freezing. A group 
images/000013172.jpg	ble to pull out most of the nails from the f
images/000013173.jpg	nd huge body. It was never able to fly al
images/000013174.jpg	k. He then returned home again but re-load
images/000013175.jpg	ver he again fell into the water. But in
images/000013176.jpg	ezing. A group of monkeys were on a tree. T
images/000013177.jpg	r look the same! It has scars all over! You can 
images/000013178.jpg	donkey slipped and fell into the river an
images/000013179.jpg	lp children to understand the world as it is
images/000013180.jpg	ching the butterfly struggling to break the 
images/000013181.jpg	hat was his alternative idea. The minister tol
images/000013182.jpg	 the holy animal cow to cover the road with leat
images/000013183.jpg	an physical abuse! Use words for good. Use
images/000013184.jpg	reeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the planet by
images/000013185.jpg	rings presents and toys to human children a
images/000013186.jpg	nder a dry leaf and started blowing at it.Som
images/000013187.jpg	 change this for the betterment and happines
images/000013188.jpg	 for several days.Last I will help my mot
images/000013189.jpg	eeds and seeks rational ways of solving h
images/000013190.jpg	 donkey with bags of salt to go to the market
images/000013191.jpg	ordered for a pair of leather shoes for him and r
images/000013192.jpg	tterflies! The continuous effort from the butter
images/000013193.jpg	drove him to hammer in the fence for 30 tim
images/000013194.jpg	 learn English well. In order to improve the abil
images/000013195.jpg	?’The boy replied, ‘a hole in the fence
images/000013196.jpg	 a nearby cave.The Hungry Fox who got Caught
images/000013197.jpg	r again so that many people can afford their 
images/000013198.jpg	with good intention, only going through the stru
images/000013199.jpg	are now widely applied in almost every field of o
images/000013200.jpg	ow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that
images/000013201.jpg	's first teachers, so family does play an impo
images/000013202.jpg	g. However, no matter how hard he tried, he c
images/000013203.jpg	 physical abuse! Use words for good. Use them t
images/000013204.jpg	 boy was able to pull out most of the nails from
images/000013205.jpg	 us know that a beautiful and colourful butter
images/000013206.jpg	 could not find food. Finally he went to 
images/000013207.jpg	wasted all the bags of salt on its back agai
images/000013208.jpg	ou speak, the better your spoken English will 
images/000013209.jpg	s to visitors who can drop in on friends
images/000013210.jpg	the road.Unfortunately, the donkey slipp
images/000013211.jpg	ng to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on 
images/000013212.jpg	he world is difficult for one who sets his m
images/000013213.jpg	father about the same.  The father appreciate
images/000013214.jpg	r. The boy used to get angry very soon and taunt 
images/000013215.jpg	ather gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked h
images/000013216.jpg	onkey again set on its way. On reaching t
images/000013217.jpg	ocuses on common human needs and seeks ra
images/000013218.jpg	bring presents to animal children?” Emily ask
images/000013219.jpg	quires much time, commitment and discipline to 
images/000013220.jpg	tributes to household duties, including the child
images/000013221.jpg	hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his temp
images/000013222.jpg	s were so happy to have a conversation with the
images/000013223.jpg	 help my mother do some housework. She was really
images/000013224.jpg	to better ways of seeing things. Computers
images/000013225.jpg	inars, write letters, etc.Students should have 
images/000013226.jpg	rder to sell them. The merchant and his donkey we
images/000013227.jpg	tch how the butterfly would come out of th
images/000013228.jpg	is alternative idea. The minister told, ‘
images/000013229.jpg	rtant role in modern life.What has led to 
images/000013230.jpg	merchant could do, except return home wh
images/000013231.jpg	et out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, t
images/000013232.jpg	hardship. Don't be intimidated even though yo
images/000013233.jpg	l weeks, he returned to the palace. He was 
images/000013234.jpg	e fence. However, there remained a few nails tha
images/000013235.jpg	ading comprehension, one should get access to
images/000013236.jpg	h friends one can get into the society and beco
images/000013237.jpg	s the butterfly would have emerged like any oth
images/000013238.jpg	g around the television in the evening.The Imp
images/000013239.jpg	rfly would have emerged like any other beaut
images/000013240.jpg	is friends due to anger. He invited all wo
images/000013241.jpg	His ministers were stunned to hear his order as 
images/000013242.jpg	sIt was a cold and silent night. The weat
images/000013243.jpg	ospitable. The family gathers together to 
images/000013244.jpg	decided to help the butterfly. He got a pair of s
images/000013245.jpg	 appeared with his little niece Emily and intr
images/000013246.jpg	tions. Those who grow up in happy families tend 
images/000013247.jpg	 out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, th
images/000013248.jpg	, indicating computers are playing a more and m
images/000013249.jpg	ther. They had not walked far when they reac
images/000013250.jpg	old the boy, “The nails were your bad te
images/000013251.jpg	ause I like playing soccer.During the summer 
images/000013252.jpg	ful machine. Today it is used a great deal. Th
images/000013253.jpg	 In fact, he used to spend a lot of time around 
images/000013254.jpg	e too big to fit through the hole.The f
images/000013255.jpg	n in time. Both sides should talk over the
images/000013256.jpg	his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for th
images/000013257.jpg	returned to the palace. He was quite happy th
images/000013258.jpg	ng. Some think that maybe the old generation is 
images/000013259.jpg	 that there might be food in it, and he beca
images/000013260.jpg	there for food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big
images/000013261.jpg	th several generations gathering around the te
images/000013262.jpg	generation is keen on are disgusting to th
images/000013263.jpg	playing a more and more important role in mode
images/000013264.jpg	me, she also has to work. Therefore, I want
images/000013265.jpg	hildren's first teachers, so family does pla
images/000013266.jpg	nately, the butterfly looked no longer be
images/000013267.jpg	 proud of their harmony and unity. Each member 
images/000013268.jpg	oy did not lose his temper. He told his father 
images/000013269.jpg	nd had a swollen body with small and wit
images/000013270.jpg	ome out of the cocoon. He was watching the 
images/000013271.jpg	 “brings presents and toys to human children 
images/000013272.jpg	fly and he was quite eager to watch the bu
images/000013273.jpg	coon would let the fluid stored in the body conve
images/000013274.jpg	ids, neighbours and even his friends due to 
images/000013275.jpg	sked me, shivering in the cold air.“Santa C
images/000013276.jpg	e family gathers together to celebrate hol
images/000013277.jpg	appiness of the people.His ministers were
images/000013278.jpg	d tolerance, many things may turn out for 
images/000013279.jpg	lly depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, 
images/000013280.jpg	ee his fellow people leading a propitious life. H
images/000013281.jpg	n? Why do we die? For all the answers, stic
images/000013282.jpg	 old man in time of need. The young man's a
images/000013283.jpg	these pens? Why are we born? Why do we die
images/000013284.jpg	nued to watch the butterfly and he was qu
images/000013285.jpg	 few nails. The fence never look the same! It h
images/000013286.jpg	 body with small and withered wings.The man w
images/000013287.jpg	ion, only going through the struggles the butte
images/000013288.jpg	es in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a 
images/000013289.jpg	g as both sides keep their minds open to eac
images/000013290.jpg	presents to animal children?” Emily aske
images/000013291.jpg	 used to get angry very soon and taunt ot
images/000013292.jpg	that families offer the environment of living,
images/000013293.jpg	the butterfly would have emerged like an
images/000013294.jpg	fluence a person's growth. There are two appa
images/000013295.jpg	hospitable. The family gathers together to ce
images/000013296.jpg	er and noticed that the bags of salt loaded
images/000013297.jpg	ly, all their attempts failed. Finally, the bo
images/000013298.jpg	went to the edge of the forest and searched t
images/000013299.jpg	Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around this part 
images/000013300.jpg	r the wings expanded or enlarged nor the swolle
images/000013301.jpg	ldren's personality. Friends are the connectio
images/000013302.jpg	s offer children warmth, care and shelter,
images/000013303.jpg	ed the remaining cocoon. The butterfly em
images/000013304.jpg	ething to eat. He was very hungry. No matt
images/000013305.jpg	t competition, the price has been marked down ove
images/000013306.jpg	le boy lived with his father and mother. He
images/000013307.jpg	r the better. Humanism makes the world a m
images/000013308.jpg	rage. They both help children to understa
images/000013309.jpg	at the same time they must keep in mind th
images/000013310.jpg	oid, brilliant, and chronically depressed ro
images/000013311.jpg	 flock of fireflies. One of the young monkeys tho
images/000013312.jpg	t I have put so much pressure on myself. One da
images/000013313.jpg	 set free the firefly and moved to a nearby 
images/000013314.jpg	 wasted all the bags of salt on its back agai
images/000013315.jpg	selves against what the elders have been p
images/000013316.jpg	pair began a journey through space aided by 
images/000013317.jpg	nd their children and keep the lines of 
images/000013318.jpg	ails hammered on the fence was reduced to half. T
images/000013319.jpg	r had placed the food in the tree trunk while he 
images/000013320.jpg	y asked.Short Stories - Christmas Surprise
images/000013321.jpg	er.There was nothing the merchant could do, ex
images/000013322.jpg	oojagig, a former graduate student obsess
images/000013323.jpg	as very hungry. No matter how hard he trie
images/000013324.jpg	ows with respect and tolerance, many things may 
images/000013325.jpg	ant to be happy all the time. But I have 
images/000013326.jpg	e boy was able to pull out most of the nails 
images/000013327.jpg	s of communications with them open, at t
images/000013328.jpg	ns between children and the society, so by 
images/000013329.jpg	out 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number clim
images/000013330.jpg	mmer in the fence for 30 times on the first day
images/000013331.jpg	nt to do. For exampie,first I will jion 
images/000013332.jpg	ittle boy were very depressed due to his
images/000013333.jpg	d generous to visitors who can drop in o
images/000013334.jpg	nails hammered on the fence was reduced to half.
images/000013335.jpg	totally out-to-lunch president of the galaxy
images/000013336.jpg	they noticed a flock of fireflies. One o
images/000013337.jpg	 have a piece of leather cut in appropriate
images/000013338.jpg	an's actions were the example of humanistic beha
images/000013339.jpg	 used a great deal. There is a drastic incr
images/000013340.jpg	ere proud that their king was so kind with a
images/000013341.jpg	iends and relatives without previous invita
images/000013342.jpg	vice or set themselves against what the elder
images/000013343.jpg	y, I want to practice more to improve my
images/000013344.jpg	s are more painful than physical abuse! 
images/000013345.jpg	grow up in happy families tend to have many p
images/000013346.jpg	the example of humanistic behavior. In the eve
images/000013347.jpg	ul and colourful butterfly comes from an unapp
images/000013348.jpg	liday?When I do well in the exam, I will show
images/000013349.jpg	he same.  The father appreciated him and a
images/000013350.jpg	ity of English reading comprehension, one shoul
images/000013351.jpg	en they reached a river on the road.Unfortuna
images/000013352.jpg	fly that was never able to live a life li
images/000013353.jpg	eed. The young man's actions were the example 
images/000013354.jpg	red with his little niece Emily and introduced he
images/000013355.jpg	ngry. No matter how hard he tried, the fox
images/000013356.jpg	ame time they must keep in mind that differen
images/000013357.jpg	ven after they get married. So a household cons
images/000013358.jpg	 days that he did not hammer any nail and he
images/000013359.jpg	e Right Time". The soldier extended a helping h
images/000013360.jpg	eaked the cocoon to make larger opening f
images/000013361.jpg	decided to help the butterfly. He got a p
images/000013362.jpg	. No matter how hard he tried, the fox c
images/000013363.jpg	w to Be a Successful English LearnerAlmost al
images/000013364.jpg	 two apparent factors which affect a pers
images/000013365.jpg	ly depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a 
images/000013366.jpg	nts need it to read English textbooks or 
images/000013367.jpg	 cold and silent night. The weather was f
images/000013368.jpg	 Cornelius, Monty and I were busy buildi
images/000013369.jpg	 that people spend on computers per week, rang
images/000013370.jpg	s house,because I miss her very much.I want to 
images/000013371.jpg	uters.The computer has brought a lot of benefits
images/000013372.jpg	beautiful one.He saw a cocoon with tiny open
images/000013373.jpg	 decided to sit over and watch how the butterfl
images/000013374.jpg	gh space aided by a galaxyful of fellow tra
images/000013375.jpg	. Use them to embrace the relationships. U
images/000013376.jpg	an to the fence and hammered a nail. In the n
images/000013377.jpg	ery hard for hours to come out through the tiny o
images/000013378.jpg	aces. He decided to travel by foot to int
images/000013379.jpg	many pleasant characters. If we say that
images/000013380.jpg	l them. The merchant and his donkey were walking
images/000013381.jpg	 Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the 
images/000013382.jpg	eading a propitious life. However, he had reg
images/000013383.jpg	y of leather and it would cost a huge amount 
images/000013384.jpg	nd smaller and the wings would be beautif
images/000013385.jpg	and has never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. 
images/000013386.jpg	rs with the cocoon and the butterfly. The
images/000013387.jpg	ve to accept anything new. Their voices a
images/000013388.jpg	d he was quite eager to watch the butterf
images/000013389.jpg	ents need it to read English textbooks or
images/000013390.jpg	 way. On reaching the river he again fell i
images/000013391.jpg	ssure on myself. One day, my parents tell me that
images/000013392.jpg	he butterfly. He got a pair of scissors an
images/000013393.jpg	this part of the forest for many years. I gu
images/000013394.jpg	 the butterfly tried its best and could not g
images/000013395.jpg	 learning. It requires much time, commitment
images/000013396.jpg	ves us insights into other cultures and ke
images/000013397.jpg	 his donkey with bags of salt to go to the marke
images/000013398.jpg	erience-based advice or set themselves again
images/000013399.jpg	my paper to my parents, they are so happy to se
images/000013400.jpg	s in our daily life, whether you admit it or 
images/000013401.jpg	s growth. There are two apparent factors wh
images/000013402.jpg	dynamic pair began a journey through spa
images/000013403.jpg	le can afford their own personal computers
images/000013404.jpg	very hard for hours to come out through the t
images/000013405.jpg	age. They both help children to understand the w
images/000013406.jpg	 in the maintenance of our society. Humanism cal
images/000013407.jpg	led. Finally, the boy’s father came up with
images/000013408.jpg	through space aided by a galaxyful of fellow tr
images/000013409.jpg	lem of generation gap, people's ideas are not cut
images/000013410.jpg	arance of all the ballpoint pens he's bou
images/000013411.jpg	vironment of living, friends make another i
images/000013412.jpg	 deaf ear to the elders' experience-based adv
images/000013413.jpg	nd pilgrim centres at distant places. He 
images/000013414.jpg	 common human needs and seeks rational ways of s
images/000013415.jpg	or several days.Last I will help my mother d
images/000013416.jpg	 where he loaded his donkey with more bags
images/000013417.jpg	pilgrim centres and could see his fellow people l
images/000013418.jpg	his first trip by foot to longer distance.
images/000013419.jpg	elping hand to the old man in time of need. The
images/000013420.jpg	tend to have many pleasant characters. If we s
images/000013421.jpg	ance of our society. Humanism calls for us to pa
images/000013422.jpg	arked down over and over again so that many
images/000013423.jpg	tunately, the butterfly just crawled aro
images/000013424.jpg	 family in which he will grow up. Parent
images/000013425.jpg	uters are now widely applied in almost every fi
images/000013426.jpg	 things appeal to different generations. 
images/000013427.jpg	the forest and searched there for food. S
images/000013428.jpg	he bags of salt on its back again.The merchant 
images/000013429.jpg	ruggling very hard for hours to come out th
images/000013430.jpg	ocoon. The butterfly emerged without any str
images/000013431.jpg	is coming.I am going to do many things that
images/000013432.jpg	a few nails. The fence never look the same! 
images/000013433.jpg	 galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked o
images/000013434.jpg	the boy did not lose his temper. He told h
images/000013435.jpg	brought a lot of benefits to us. It makes u
images/000013436.jpg	of fireflies. One of the young monkeys t
images/000013437.jpg	er to improve the ability of English rea
images/000013438.jpg	x had finished eating, he felt thirsty an
images/000013439.jpg	r very much.I want to stay with her for several
images/000013440.jpg	Gradually, the number of nails hammered to th
images/000013441.jpg	lerable pain in his feet as it was his first t
images/000013442.jpg	 activities. The more you speak, the better
images/000013443.jpg	l his temper.Gradually, the number of na
images/000013444.jpg	with his little niece Emily and introduced 
images/000013445.jpg	the same cloth. Parents may not be in fa
images/000013446.jpg	 found it hilarious and accepted to do what his f
images/000013447.jpg	s alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why do 
images/000013448.jpg	nships. Use them to show your heart!”A Me
images/000013449.jpg	r made him fall for angry words. He scolded 
images/000013450.jpg	 you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so m
images/000013451.jpg	the world a more beautiful place to live 
images/000013452.jpg	ldo?” she asked me, shivering in the col
images/000013453.jpg	 no longer beautiful and had a swollen body wit
images/000013454.jpg	d I will go to my grandma's house,because I mis
images/000013455.jpg	rs: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-arm
images/000013456.jpg	llow people leading a propitious life. However, 
images/000013457.jpg	pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? For all th
images/000013458.jpg	They had not walked far when they reached a rive
images/000013459.jpg	through the hole.The fox was very sad and 
images/000013460.jpg	r holiday is coming.I am going to do many things
images/000013461.jpg	table and were very stony. He could not tol
images/000013462.jpg	s too busy visiting all the human children to h
images/000013463.jpg	ge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed whe
images/000013464.jpg	equested the countrymen to wear shoes. Fo
images/000013465.jpg	 words. He scolded kids, neighbours and 
images/000013466.jpg	focuses on common human needs and seeks rat
images/000013467.jpg	to do. For exampie,first I will jion a so
images/000013468.jpg	with his people and accompany them. People of 
images/000013469.jpg	ch affect a person's growth. One is family
images/000013470.jpg	as the only son for them. The parents of the li
images/000013471.jpg	n and keep the lines of communications with t
images/000013472.jpg	ommunications with them open, at the same time 
images/000013473.jpg	 than 10 hours with the cocoon and the bu
images/000013474.jpg	Right Son at the Right Time". The soldie
images/000013475.jpg	 was never able to fly all through its lif
images/000013476.jpg	lays an important role in the maintenance
images/000013477.jpg	e world as it is, so they are the dearest par
images/000013478.jpg	e fluid stored in the body convert into wings. T
images/000013479.jpg	milies are proud of their harmony and unity. Ea
images/000013480.jpg	he water. But instead of the load becomi
images/000013481.jpg	on of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galax
images/000013482.jpg	ese families are hospitable. The family gat
images/000013483.jpg	ppily lived under the rule of a king. The peo
images/000013484.jpg	enerations gathering around the television i
images/000013485.jpg	tree trunk while he cut down trees in th
images/000013486.jpg	 fell into the river and wasted all the 
images/000013487.jpg	s us insights into other cultures and ke
images/000013488.jpg	yful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the 
images/000013489.jpg	bout the whole idea. Let’s go home now befo
images/000013490.jpg	he road with leather? Rather, you can just
images/000013491.jpg	here are many examples that demonstrate humanis
images/000013492.jpg	ained to his ministers that the roads wer
images/000013493.jpg	erials, which can also help accumulate and enlarg
images/000013494.jpg	’t know much about our winters.”It turned 
images/000013495.jpg	hey are so happy to see me do well in the ex
images/000013496.jpg	 been around this part of the forest for many ye
images/000013497.jpg	alf. The little boy found it very difficult to ha
images/000013498.jpg	t a little before jumping into the hole.
images/000013499.jpg	e families are proud of their harmony an
images/000013500.jpg	hile friends give them strength and courage. 
images/000013501.jpg	lp her in the holidays.What will you do 
images/000013502.jpg	nk and drink some water from a nearby sprin
images/000013503.jpg	don’t care how I do well in the exam, they 
images/000013504.jpg	iscipline to learn English well. In order to impr
images/000013505.jpg	t taken into account. These different ide
images/000013506.jpg	 leather so that people might feel comfortable, 
images/000013507.jpg	ver the road of the whole country with leather s
images/000013508.jpg	h about our winters.”It turned out Emily
images/000013509.jpg	 Prefect, a researcher for the revised edition
images/000013510.jpg	eat deal. There is a drastic increase of t
images/000013511.jpg	ous and accepted to do what his father said
images/000013512.jpg	l remain there forever. Your bad temper an
images/000013513.jpg	d had a craze for its wonderful combination 
images/000013514.jpg	per. The little boy found it hilarious and a
images/000013515.jpg	y found it hilarious and accepted to do wh
images/000013516.jpg	ll into the river and noticed that the ba
images/000013517.jpg	, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and t
images/000013518.jpg	n 10 hours with the cocoon and the butter
images/000013519.jpg	onkey with bags of salt to go to the market in 
images/000013520.jpg	ddenly he caught sight of a big tree with a ho
images/000013521.jpg	h that I had thought a little before jumpi
images/000013522.jpg	y out-to-lunch president of the galaxy; T
images/000013523.jpg	sh learning is perseverance in face of hardsh
images/000013524.jpg	 computers are playing a more and more imp
images/000013525.jpg	 HumanismHumanism is a system of beliefs that 
images/000013526.jpg	 that the bags of salt loaded on his back became
images/000013527.jpg	d, “he hasn’t been around this part of the fores
images/000013528.jpg	ple and accompany them. People of distant p
images/000013529.jpg	 made him fall for angry words. He scolded kids,
images/000013530.jpg	was his first trip by foot to longer distan
images/000013531.jpg	b a man with a knife, but the wound will remai
images/000013532.jpg	 opening. It meant that the butterfly wa
images/000013533.jpg	s important as actual medical treatment.In
images/000013534.jpg	s difficult for one who sets his mind on it.
images/000013535.jpg	atch the butterfly and he was quite eager to w
images/000013536.jpg	ll the human children to have much time le
images/000013537.jpg	rst trip by foot to longer distance. He c
images/000013538.jpg	rance, many things may turn out for the b
images/000013539.jpg	people's ideas are not cut from the same
images/000013540.jpg	told us. “She doesn’t know much about our winters
images/000013541.jpg	”Computers and Modern LifeThe computer is a
images/000013542.jpg	 visit places of historical importance and pil
images/000013543.jpg	. As long as both sides keep their minds 
images/000013544.jpg	oly animal cow to cover the road with leat
images/000013545.jpg	king thought that he had to change this for the b
images/000013546.jpg	ret.He had intolerable pain in his feet
images/000013547.jpg	roblem. As long as both sides keep their 
images/000013548.jpg	n Fritz appeared with his little niece Em
images/000013549.jpg	 to sell them. The merchant and his donke
images/000013550.jpg	d the minister. He ordered for a pair of
images/000013551.jpg	is ministers that the roads weren’t comfortabl
images/000013552.jpg	 they reached the slippery riverbank, now deliber
images/000013553.jpg	t care how I do well in the exam, they just
images/000013554.jpg	sperous life with abundance of wealth and no misf
images/000013555.jpg	f "The Right Son at the Right Time". The 
images/000013556.jpg	al ways of solving human problems.There are
images/000013557.jpg	 you think he will come if I write to him?” E
images/000013558.jpg	he elders have been proud of.People have di
images/000013559.jpg	tudent obsessed with the disappearance of
images/000013560.jpg	s trying to make its way to enjoy its worl
images/000013561.jpg	but re-loaded his donkey with bags of sp
images/000013562.jpg	, the donkey fell into the river and wasted 
images/000013563.jpg	of nails hammered on the fence was reduce
images/000013564.jpg	 happily lived under the rule of a king. The peo
images/000013565.jpg	eally tired when I was go to school. Except for 
images/000013566.jpg	o be happy all the time. But I have put s
images/000013567.jpg	 with respect and tolerance, many things 
images/000013568.jpg	ed on the fence was reduced to half. The
images/000013569.jpg	very prosperous life with abundance of wealth 
images/000013570.jpg	id he was very much worried about the people wh
images/000013571.jpg	verbank, now deliberately, the donkey fell in
images/000013572.jpg	he children. Chinese families tend to social
images/000013573.jpg	the butterfly struggling to break the shell 
images/000013574.jpg	gap, people's ideas are not cut from the same
images/000013575.jpg	ered for a pair of leather shoes for him and requ
images/000013576.jpg	ven his friends due to anger. He invited all 
images/000013577.jpg	ather, you can just have a piece of leather 
images/000013578.jpg	at a cocktail party once upon a time zone; Marvi
images/000013579.jpg	ather that it was several days that he did
images/000013580.jpg	the wings, shrink the body and the wings c
images/000013581.jpg	ing morning, a merchant loaded his donkey wi
images/000013582.jpg	er, he ran to the fence and hammered a nai
images/000013583.jpg	Use them to embrace the relationships. Use t
images/000013584.jpg	they should learn to understand their chi
images/000013585.jpg	ly.Who Influences Young Adults MostCoun
images/000013586.jpg	 it or not. When it comes to the problem
images/000013587.jpg	, a former graduate student obsessed with t
images/000013588.jpg	nger and develop kindness. Unfortunately
images/000013589.jpg	, the number of nails hammered to the fence
images/000013590.jpg	lies and had a craze for its wonderful combina
images/000013591.jpg	 them strength and courage. They both hel
images/000013592.jpg	fly just crawled around with withered win
images/000013593.jpg	er in the fence for 30 times on the first
images/000013594.jpg	t a pair of scissors and tweaked the coco
images/000013595.jpg	ried. So a household consisting of three gen
images/000013596.jpg	is demolished to make way for a galactic freewa
images/000013597.jpg	er to cover the road of the whole country 
images/000013598.jpg	 parents, they should learn to understan
images/000013599.jpg	a life-threatening emergency, humanism can be as
images/000013600.jpg	mall and withered wings.The man was happy th
images/000013601.jpg	 was reduced and the day arrived when no 
images/000013602.jpg	. But I have put so much pressure on myself. O
images/000013603.jpg	nism is a system of beliefs that focuses on
images/000013604.jpg	f ear to the elders' experience-based advice o
images/000013605.jpg	. So a household consisting of three genera
images/000013606.jpg	rld as it is, so they are the dearest parts in
images/000013607.jpg	ery much surprised by his suggestionand appla
images/000013608.jpg	roaden our vision.How to Be a Successful Eng
images/000013609.jpg	eople of the kingdom were very happy as 
images/000013610.jpg	 you speak, the better your spoken English 
images/000013611.jpg	 my paper to my parents, they are so happy to se
images/000013612.jpg	 us know that a beautiful and colourful but
images/000013613.jpg	 many things may turn out for the better.
images/000013614.jpg	sed with the disappearance of all the ballpoin
images/000013615.jpg	He got a pair of scissors and tweaked the co
images/000013616.jpg	. I know I should relax myself and be ha
images/000013617.jpg	n fell into the water. But instead of the
images/000013618.jpg	m plays an important role in the maintenance of
images/000013619.jpg	h we could find some fire. It will help us t
images/000013620.jpg	ople of the kingdom were very happy as th
images/000013621.jpg	 more and more important role in modern life.
images/000013622.jpg	d to his ministers that the roads weren’t 
images/000013623.jpg	revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to t
images/000013624.jpg	d a craze for its wonderful combination of 
images/000013625.jpg	 it to talk to English-speakers, attend 
images/000013626.jpg	rful machine. Today it is used a great dea
images/000013627.jpg	ed to make way for a galactic freeway, Art
images/000013628.jpg	worm! Here is the story of a butterfly tha
images/000013629.jpg	has to work. Therefore, I want to help her in t
images/000013630.jpg	help the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors a
images/000013631.jpg	nd wasted all the bags of salt on its back again.
images/000013632.jpg	n common human needs and seeks rational ways of
images/000013633.jpg	f need. The young man's actions were the exa
images/000013634.jpg	for his parents through the verbal usage. Whil
images/000013635.jpg	t any struggle!Unfortunately, the butterfly loo
images/000013636.jpg	l go to my grandma's house,because I mis
images/000013637.jpg	 get access to a lot of reading materials
images/000013638.jpg	d it to read English textbooks or jonrnals a
images/000013639.jpg	ntres and could see his fellow people leading
images/000013640.jpg	y with her for several days.Last I will help m
images/000013641.jpg	y get married. So a household consisting of three
images/000013642.jpg	not lose his temper. He told his father 
images/000013643.jpg	nother idea.The king asked - what was his 
images/000013644.jpg	ociety and become sociable.In a word, famil
images/000013645.jpg	e of a king. The people of the kingdom were ve
images/000013646.jpg	e are these pens? Why are we born? Why do we di
images/000013647.jpg	arn to understand their children and keep the li
images/000013648.jpg	r good. Use them to embrace the relationship
images/000013649.jpg	 pain in his feet as it was his first trip by foo
images/000013650.jpg	 the hole.The fox was very sad and upset
images/000013651.jpg	to have much time left for animals.”“Do
images/000013652.jpg	ny opening. It meant that the butterfly was tryi
images/000013653.jpg	at! Words are more painful than physical abuse! 
images/000013654.jpg	ld find some fire. It will help us to keep 
images/000013655.jpg	d they were hammered on people. You can r
images/000013656.jpg	mily gathers together to celebrate holida
images/000013657.jpg	lls for us to pay closer attention to our fell
images/000013658.jpg	. He told his father that it was several days tha
images/000013659.jpg	rds are more painful than physical abuse! Us
images/000013660.jpg	e young man's actions were the example of huma
images/000013661.jpg	of thousands of cows to get the sufficien
images/000013662.jpg	 remove the nails every day as he had cont
images/000013663.jpg	 tired. Now they realized what the sparrow h
images/000013664.jpg	 Their voices are not taken into account
images/000013665.jpg	 boy, “The nails were your bad temper and the
images/000013666.jpg	. They were clinging to its branches. One of 
images/000013667.jpg	in fell into the water. But instead of the load b
images/000013668.jpg	examples of human goodness can remind us of
images/000013669.jpg	erfly come out of the cocoon without any
images/000013670.jpg	uld find some fire. It will help us to keep 
images/000013671.jpg	perseverance in face of hardship. Don't be intimi
images/000013672.jpg	eaning of humanism. If we treat our fellow
images/000013673.jpg	trunk while he cut down trees in the forest. He 
images/000013674.jpg	we say that families offer the environment of liv
images/000013675.jpg	more bags of salt. As they reached the slippe
images/000013676.jpg	al generations gathering around the televisi
images/000013677.jpg	w travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-heade
images/000013678.jpg	o to school. Except for taking care of me, she 
images/000013679.jpg	ches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we cou
images/000013680.jpg	d not lose his temper!Now, his father told h
images/000013681.jpg	d edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Ga
images/000013682.jpg	e fence never look the same! It has scars all o
images/000013683.jpg	tab a man with a knife, but the wound will 
images/000013684.jpg	ng was very much surprised by his sugges
images/000013685.jpg	 the sufficient quantity of leather and 
images/000013686.jpg	e he became angry and to lose his temper. The li
images/000013687.jpg	elders' experience-based advice or set themse
images/000013688.jpg	tions with them open, at the same time t
images/000013689.jpg	so that people might feel comfortable, immedia
images/000013690.jpg	gan to eat. After the fox had finished eatin
images/000013691.jpg	, I will show my paper to my parents, the
images/000013692.jpg	ber of the family contributes to household duti
images/000013693.jpg	uses on common human needs and seeks rat
images/000013694.jpg	hose who grow up in happy families tend to
images/000013695.jpg	now deliberately, the donkey fell into the rive
images/000013696.jpg	 of the cocoon without any more struggles. He 
images/000013697.jpg	ing.I am going to do many things that I wan
images/000013698.jpg	fly come out of the cocoon without any mor
images/000013699.jpg	our fellows. Occasional examples of human goodnes
images/000013700.jpg	ine to learn English well. In order to improv
images/000013701.jpg	of thousands of cows to get the sufficient
images/000013702.jpg	of humanism is apparent in the story of "T
images/000013703.jpg	for them. The parents of the little boy wer
images/000013704.jpg	tions with them open, at the same time the
images/000013705.jpg	rough the verbal usage. While he forgot wha
images/000013706.jpg	ched there for food. Suddenly he caught sight of
images/000013707.jpg	they are the dearest parts in one's life
images/000013708.jpg	ery much.I want to stay with her for several d
images/000013709.jpg	even his friends due to anger. He invited all wo
images/000013710.jpg	 the Right Time". The soldier extended a helpi
images/000013711.jpg	s they reached the slippery riverbank, now deli
images/000013712.jpg	e of me, she also has to work. Therefore,
images/000013713.jpg	ll the students need English and they need it
images/000013714.jpg	 of the little boy were very depressed due
images/000013715.jpg	 continued: “I think all of you should take 
images/000013716.jpg	were so happy to have a conversation with their 
images/000013717.jpg	freezing. A group of monkeys were on a tree. T
images/000013718.jpg	h president of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly 
images/000013719.jpg	ecline of cost and the fierce market com
images/000013720.jpg	ole country with leather so that people 
images/000013721.jpg	celebrate holidays and entertain friends. The h
images/000013722.jpg	alize together, with several generations
images/000013723.jpg	 pull out a few nails. The fence never loo
images/000013724.jpg	 children's hairstyle and weird clothes.
images/000013725.jpg	ow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys
images/000013726.jpg	o what his father said.The nails drove h
images/000013727.jpg	for the better. Humanism makes the world a m
images/000013728.jpg	 his temper. The little boy found it hilarious an
images/000013729.jpg	ng. It requires much time, commitment and discipl
images/000013730.jpg	lost his temper, he ran to the fence and hammere
images/000013731.jpg	ring in the cold air.“Santa Claus,” I ex
images/000013732.jpg	ather gave him a huge bag of nails. He aske
images/000013733.jpg	ing a propitious life. However, he had re
images/000013734.jpg	orm from an ugly caterpillar into a beautifu
images/000013735.jpg	nds open to each other's outlooks on the world,
images/000013736.jpg	 For exampie,first I will jion a soccer club,bec
images/000013737.jpg	 care how I do well in the exam, they just wan
images/000013738.jpg	nd totally out-to-lunch president of the ga
images/000013739.jpg	mer holiday, I want to practice more to impro
images/000013740.jpg	keeps our minds open to better ways of seein
images/000013741.jpg	er able to fly all through its life.Although 
images/000013742.jpg	 Now they realized what the sparrow had said
images/000013743.jpg	ted even though you find others speaking Eng
images/000013744.jpg	 things more quickly. Further more, it gives us 
images/000013745.jpg	r and father consoled him in many ways to gi
images/000013746.jpg	the road.Unfortunately, the donkey slipped and f
images/000013747.jpg	 painful than physical abuse! Use words f
images/000013748.jpg	. After the fox had finished eating, he felt 
images/000013749.jpg	roads weren’t comfortable and were very stony. 
images/000013750.jpg	it hilarious and accepted to do what his fathe
images/000013751.jpg	am. I want to be happy all the time. But I have
images/000013752.jpg	t places were so happy to have a conversation w
images/000013753.jpg	ilized world humanism plays an important role 
images/000013754.jpg	to our fellows. Occasional examples of hum
images/000013755.jpg	he river and noticed that the bags of sa
images/000013756.jpg	ld support the body.  Unfortunately, neithe
images/000013757.jpg	se man from the ministry came to the king an
images/000013758.jpg	 spring. However, no matter how hard he trie
images/000013759.jpg	ed the remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged 
images/000013760.jpg	glish reading comprehension, one should get ac
images/000013761.jpg	e went to the edge of the forest and searc
images/000013762.jpg	thought that he had to change this for th
images/000013763.jpg	tely, the butterfly looked no longer beau
images/000013764.jpg	out the people who used to walk along those roa
images/000013765.jpg	 in time of need. The young man's actions were
images/000013766.jpg	cipate in all oral activities. The more you speak
images/000013767.jpg	able to pull out most of the nails from the fen
images/000013768.jpg	ents through the verbal usage. While he forgot
images/000013769.jpg	are playing a more and more important ro
images/000013770.jpg	laxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), 
images/000013771.jpg	he example of humanistic behavior. In the eve
images/000013772.jpg	or hours to come out through the tiny opening. U
images/000013773.jpg	own over and over again so that many peopl
images/000013774.jpg	o to school. Except for taking care of me, s
images/000013775.jpg	t the wound will remain there forever. Y
images/000013776.jpg	s, Monty and I were busy building a snowman w
images/000013777.jpg	 They both help children to understand the
images/000013778.jpg	yself.”“Neither have I,” Harry added, shakin
images/000013779.jpg	es on common human needs and seeks rationa
images/000013780.jpg	esents and toys to human children at Christmas
images/000013781.jpg	om the ministry came to the king and said th
images/000013782.jpg	to break the shell for several hours. He spent al
images/000013783.jpg	 GapGeneration gap exists in our daily 
images/000013784.jpg	alize together, with several generations
images/000013785.jpg	p. Don't be intimidated even though you fi
images/000013786.jpg	ve the nails but still see the holes in th
images/000013787.jpg	 with small and withered wings.The man was happ
images/000013788.jpg	unk while he cut down trees in the forest. He wa
images/000013789.jpg	each other's outlooks on the world, the gap 
images/000013790.jpg	 was the only son for them. The parents of the 
images/000013791.jpg	er and over again so that many people can 
images/000013792.jpg	e are two apparent factors which affect a person
images/000013793.jpg	im centres and could see his fellow people
images/000013794.jpg	generous to visitors who can drop in on friends
images/000013795.jpg	 to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it involve
images/000013796.jpg	lems with each other actively, sincerely and
images/000013797.jpg	torical importance and pilgrim centres at dis
images/000013798.jpg	 ideas disturb both of them. Most of the
images/000013799.jpg	ut any more struggles. He continued to wa
images/000013800.jpg	ed in English learning. It requires much
images/000013801.jpg	his fellow people leading a propitious life. H
images/000013802.jpg	ch the butterfly and he was quite eager to 
images/000013803.jpg	thers together to celebrate holidays and en
images/000013804.jpg	iful and had a swollen body with small and wit
images/000013805.jpg	 very happy as they had a very prosperou
images/000013806.jpg	ly, not real fire”.The sparrow continue
images/000013807.jpg	 food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big 
images/000013808.jpg	dry leaf and started blowing at it.Some other mo
images/000013809.jpg	care of me, she also has to work. Therefore, 
images/000013810.jpg	happy that he made the butterfly come out of
images/000013811.jpg	ngs would be beautiful and large.If we don’t 
images/000013812.jpg	d struggle to transform from an ugly caterpillar 
images/000013813.jpg	tired when I was go to school. Except fo
images/000013814.jpg	 firefly. He put it under a dry leaf and s
images/000013815.jpg	ather shoes for him and requested the countryme
images/000013816.jpg	r some time the monkeys became very tired. No
images/000013817.jpg	 If we say that families offer the environment 
images/000013818.jpg	d to have many pleasant characters. If we say t
images/000013819.jpg	like that! Words are more painful than physical a
images/000013820.jpg	d attend English lectures, while some students 
images/000013821.jpg	they don’t care how I do well in the exam, the
images/000013822.jpg	 times up, indicating computers are playing a m
images/000013823.jpg	erful combination of colours. In fact, he u
images/000013824.jpg	d be responsible for solving the problem. 
images/000013825.jpg	alaxy who, for the last fifteen years, has been
images/000013826.jpg	Fritz appeared with his little niece Emily
images/000013827.jpg	a hungry fox that was looking for something to 
images/000013828.jpg	d the wings could support the body.  Unfortun
images/000013829.jpg	rove him to hammer in the fence for 30 times on t
images/000013830.jpg	 am going to do many things that I want to do
images/000013831.jpg	 even after continuous attempts for seve
images/000013832.jpg	e to the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen year
images/000013833.jpg	e happy all the time. But I have put so mu
images/000013834.jpg	he lines of communications with them open, at th
images/000013835.jpg	th the rapid progressing of the society, com
images/000013836.jpg	 cocoon. He was watching the butterfly strug
images/000013837.jpg	 can drop in on friends and relatives without p
images/000013838.jpg	ick up at a cocktail party once upon a ti
images/000013839.jpg	erfly. He got a pair of scissors and twe
images/000013840.jpg	-loaded his donkey with bags of sponges.The fool
images/000013841.jpg	ith tiny opening. It meant that the butter
images/000013842.jpg	r hours to come out through the tiny openi
images/000013843.jpg	from an unappealing worm! Here is the sto
images/000013844.jpg	heir children's hairstyle and weird clot
images/000013845.jpg	flying to its nest. The monkeys were sitting o
images/000013846.jpg	while, thanks to the decline of cost and the
images/000013847.jpg	ter is a wonderful machine. Today it is used
images/000013848.jpg	int pens he's bought over the years.Where ar
images/000013849.jpg	aught sight of a big tree with a hole in
images/000013850.jpg	change this for the betterment and happiness of
images/000013851.jpg	ish and they need it for different purposes
images/000013852.jpg	salt to go to the market in order to sell
images/000013853.jpg	in mind that different things appeal to different
images/000013854.jpg	 painful for them too!He made an order to
images/000013855.jpg	s bad temper made him fall for angry words. He 
images/000013856.jpg	anta Claus,” I explained, “brings presen
images/000013857.jpg	 time he became angry and to lose his temper. 
images/000013858.jpg	rds. He scolded kids, neighbours and even his fr
images/000013859.jpg	a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that the but
images/000013860.jpg	at young generation is keen on are disgusting
images/000013861.jpg	llows. Occasional examples of human goodnes
images/000013862.jpg	should take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys 
images/000013863.jpg	. The more you speak, the better your spo
images/000013864.jpg	xam, I will show my paper to my parents, t
images/000013865.jpg	utterfly. The butterfly had been struggl
images/000013866.jpg	es tend to socialize together, with several 
images/000013867.jpg	 used to walk along those roads as it would be p
images/000013868.jpg	e nails every day as he had controlled his an
images/000013869.jpg	; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically
images/000013870.jpg	ey were walking along together. They had not
images/000013871.jpg	an remove the nails but still see the holes in th
images/000013872.jpg	tterfly emerged without any struggle!Un
images/000013873.jpg	 the fox had eaten so much food that he beca
images/000013874.jpg	is from the South and has never seen sno
images/000013875.jpg	day arrived when no nail was hammered! Y
images/000013876.jpg	d. Finally he went to the edge of the forest 
images/000013877.jpg	ap comes into being. Some think that maybe the ol
images/000013878.jpg	n. He loved butterflies and had a craze for
images/000013879.jpg	s. The fence never look the same! It has sca
images/000013880.jpg	 are not cut from the same cloth. Parents 
images/000013881.jpg	rnative idea. The minister told, ‘Why do 
images/000013882.jpg	and they were proud that their king was so k
images/000013883.jpg	at a cocktail party once upon a time zone; M
images/000013884.jpg	inister told, ‘Why do you want to kill th
images/000013885.jpg	to his bad temper. The boy used to get angry
images/000013886.jpg	th his little niece Emily and introduced he
images/000013887.jpg	ked all the way through the rough path.He said 
images/000013888.jpg	ories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beauti
images/000013889.jpg	n, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically de
images/000013890.jpg	 of living, friends make another important p
images/000013891.jpg	 the last fifteen years, has been posing as a
images/000013892.jpg	ecause I miss her very much.I want to stay with 
images/000013893.jpg	the evening.The Importance of HumanismH
images/000013894.jpg	arry added, shaking his head.“You see. Santa
images/000013895.jpg	off the planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a 
images/000013896.jpg	om about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The n
images/000013897.jpg	 the fox could not find food. Finally he went 
images/000013898.jpg	 he caught sight of a big tree with a hole in
images/000013899.jpg	thought that at any time, the butterfly might
images/000013900.jpg	 a piece of leather cut in appropriate shape
images/000013901.jpg	except return home where he loaded his donkey 
images/000013902.jpg	through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, e
images/000013903.jpg	 and had a swollen body with small and withered w
images/000013904.jpg	aded, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally 
images/000013905.jpg	friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the r
images/000013906.jpg	 a hungry fox that was looking for something 
images/000013907.jpg	ures, while some students need to use it 
images/000013908.jpg	y noticed a flock of fireflies. One of the young 
images/000013909.jpg	riends due to anger. He invited all worri
images/000013910.jpg	under the rule of a king. The people of the
images/000013911.jpg	 Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen y
images/000013912.jpg	xtended a helping hand to the old man in time of 
images/000013913.jpg	iced that the bags of salt loaded on his back bec
images/000013914.jpg	oolish, tricky donkey again set on its w
images/000013915.jpg	and it would cost a huge amount of money
images/000013916.jpg	s should talk over their problems with each oth
images/000013917.jpg	 The butterfly had been struggling very hard f
images/000013918.jpg	“Does he also bring presents to animal children?
images/000013919.jpg	its best and could not give any more try.The man
images/000013920.jpg	overed the donkey’s trick. He then returned
images/000013921.jpg	ammered a nail. In the next few days, the numb
images/000013922.jpg	most all the students need English and they 
images/000013923.jpg	 number of nails hammered to the fence was
images/000013924.jpg	mmer Holiday?When I do well in the exam, I wi
images/000013925.jpg	end English lectures, while some student
images/000013926.jpg	w widely applied in almost every field of our
images/000013927.jpg	 together to celebrate holidays and entertain
images/000013928.jpg	ant quickly discovered the donkey’s trick
images/000013929.jpg	 play an important role in shaping childr
images/000013930.jpg	ervative to accept anything new. Their voic
images/000013931.jpg	 of the cocoon. He was watching the butterf
images/000013932.jpg	his father told him to remove the nails every d
images/000013933.jpg	thout any more struggles. He continued to watc
images/000013934.jpg	 far as I know, it involves several reasons. Wit
images/000013935.jpg	arrowed down in time. Both sides should talk over
images/000013936.jpg	mergency, humanism can be as important as
images/000013937.jpg	together, with several generations gathering
images/000013938.jpg	 river and noticed that the bags of salt l
images/000013939.jpg	 a tree. They were clinging to its branche
images/000013940.jpg	larious and accepted to do what his father sai
images/000013941.jpg	e, a little boy lived with his father and mother.
images/000013942.jpg	. He told himself, “I wish that I had tho
images/000013943.jpg	a travel to visit places of historical impo
images/000013944.jpg	ions between children and the society, so 
images/000013945.jpg	body would become lighter and smaller and the
images/000013946.jpg	ither the wings expanded or enlarged nor t
images/000013947.jpg	ting, he felt thirsty and decided to leave 
images/000013948.jpg	ted all the bags of salt on its back again.Th
images/000013949.jpg	ehension, one should get access to a lot of 
images/000013950.jpg	ly to come out of its cocoon would let the fl
images/000013951.jpg	y and to lose his temper. The little boy fou
images/000013952.jpg	or angry words. He scolded kids, neighbours and
images/000013953.jpg	d, “he hasn’t been around this part of the f
images/000013954.jpg	contributes to household duties, including
images/000013955.jpg	e and shelter, while friends give them stren
images/000013956.jpg	ee with a hole in it.Inside the hole was 
images/000013957.jpg	 whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail p
images/000013958.jpg	hey had not walked far when they reached
images/000013959.jpg	al cow to cover the road with leather? Rather, 
images/000013960.jpg	 wonderful machine. Today it is used a great
images/000013961.jpg	s, there was no progress. It seemed that the bu
images/000013962.jpg	dy would become lighter and smaller and the 
images/000013963.jpg	s from the South and has never seen snow be
images/000013964.jpg	o cover the road with leather? Rather, you c
images/000013965.jpg	manistic behavior. In the event of a life-thr
images/000013966.jpg	 No matter how hard he tried, the fox could not
images/000013967.jpg	ut 19 hours. The number climbs more than ten t
images/000013968.jpg	ow a butterfly would struggle to transform
images/000013969.jpg	due to his bad temper. The boy used to get
images/000013970.jpg	pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make
images/000013971.jpg	dmit it or not. When it comes to the problem of g
images/000013972.jpg	the family in which he will grow up. Parents 
images/000013973.jpg	iful and had a swollen body with small a
images/000013974.jpg	erfly and removed the remaining cocoon. 
images/000013975.jpg	think all of you should take shelter in 
images/000013976.jpg	fortable and were very stony. He could not 
images/000013977.jpg	llows. Occasional examples of human goodness can
images/000013978.jpg	 a household consisting of three generations is 
images/000013979.jpg	e verbal usage. While he forgot what he spoke in
images/000013980.jpg	‘What do you see there?’The boy replied, ‘
images/000013981.jpg	ht a little before jumping into the hole
images/000013982.jpg	stay with her for several days.Last I will hel
images/000013983.jpg	nd hammered a nail. In the next few days, the 
images/000013984.jpg	ts cocoon would let the fluid stored in the
images/000013985.jpg	e out through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, e
images/000013986.jpg	became very tired. Now they realized what th
images/000013987.jpg	a passion and love for butterflies decided to
images/000013988.jpg	y animal cow to cover the road with leathe
images/000013989.jpg	r extended a helping hand to the old man
images/000013990.jpg	ine of cost and the fierce market competi
images/000013991.jpg	 its way. On reaching the river he again
images/000013992.jpg	same! It has scars all over! You can stab a ma
images/000013993.jpg	the remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerg
images/000013994.jpg	the people who used to walk along those road
images/000013995.jpg	 wings, shrink the body and the wings could suppo
images/000013996.jpg	 told his father that it was several days that
images/000013997.jpg	 different ideas disturb both of them. Most 
images/000013998.jpg	important role in shaping children's char
images/000013999.jpg	h his words. His bad temper made him fall for
images/000014000.jpg	 another important part in shaping children
images/000014001.jpg	s - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful sp
images/000014002.jpg	as it is, so they are the dearest parts in on
images/000014003.jpg	g at it.Some other monkeys also joined in hi
images/000014004.jpg	Almost all the students need English and they
images/000014005.jpg	hildren live with their parents even after
images/000014006.jpg	correct.They set free the firefly and moved t
images/000014007.jpg	is son to hammer one nail to the fence every time
images/000014008.jpg	r a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked
images/000014009.jpg	, sincerely and frankly.Who Influences 
images/000014010.jpg	l was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his
images/000014011.jpg	 to have a conversation with their king a
images/000014012.jpg	ery depressed due to his bad temper. The 
images/000014013.jpg	ications with them open, at the same time they mu
images/000014014.jpg	 me to be happy. I know I should relax m
images/000014015.jpg	the bags of salt loaded on his back became 
images/000014016.jpg	in his feet as it was his first trip by foo
images/000014017.jpg	to us. It makes us do things more quickly.
images/000014018.jpg	is feet as it was his first trip by foot
images/000014019.jpg	told him to remove the nails every day as 
images/000014020.jpg	nically depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, 
images/000014021.jpg	e respectively more than in other countries' fami
images/000014022.jpg	. The soldier extended a helping hand to the ol
images/000014023.jpg	 and neighbours avoided him.His mother and
images/000014024.jpg	 the young monkeys thought it was fire.He caught
images/000014025.jpg	pport the body.  Unfortunately, neither 
images/000014026.jpg	r consoled him in many ways to give up his 
images/000014027.jpg	nails hammered on the fence was reduced to 
images/000014028.jpg	 of the young monkeys thought it was fire.He 
images/000014029.jpg	m a nearby spring. However, no matter how hard
images/000014030.jpg	y found it hilarious and accepted to do what hi
images/000014031.jpg	e people of the kingdom were very happy as the
images/000014032.jpg	ather told him to remove the nails every day as 
images/000014033.jpg	 for several days.Last I will help my mother do s
images/000014034.jpg	gain, you cannot pull out a few nails. Th
images/000014035.jpg	 into the water. But instead of the load
images/000014036.jpg	lized what the sparrow had said was correc
images/000014037.jpg	 food in the tree trunk while he cut down t
images/000014038.jpg	udent obsessed with the disappearance of all 
images/000014039.jpg	 fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-he
images/000014040.jpg	ather that it was several days that he did not
images/000014041.jpg	veral days.Last I will help my mother do
images/000014042.jpg	rched there for food. Suddenly he caught si
images/000014043.jpg	y.  Unfortunately, neither the wings exp
images/000014044.jpg	l machine. Today it is used a great deal. The
images/000014045.jpg	ven after they get married. So a household cons
images/000014046.jpg	ic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been aroun
images/000014047.jpg	temper and they were hammered on people. You
images/000014048.jpg	and has never seen snow before,” Fritz told
images/000014049.jpg	 their minds open to each other's outlooks on
images/000014050.jpg	ea. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill
images/000014051.jpg	of the society, computers are now widely a
images/000014052.jpg	ry happy. He jumped into the hole and when he o
images/000014053.jpg	sential quality for successful English l
images/000014054.jpg	ole and when he opened the package, he saw th
images/000014055.jpg	ow continued: “I think all of you should t
images/000014056.jpg	access to a lot of reading materials, which can 
images/000014057.jpg	 mother do some housework. She was really tired w
images/000014058.jpg	 admit it or not. When it comes to the prob
images/000014059.jpg	of the things that young generation is keen on a
images/000014060.jpg	ation gap, people's ideas are not cut from the 
images/000014061.jpg	e butterfly fly with its beautiful wings.He thou
images/000014062.jpg	ut Emily also didn’t know much about Christma
images/000014063.jpg	s at distant places. He decided to travel by foot
images/000014064.jpg	e cloth. Parents may not be in favor of their ch
images/000014065.jpg	s both sides keep their minds open to each oth
images/000014066.jpg	thing in the world is difficult for one w
images/000014067.jpg	e could not tolerate the pain as he walk
images/000014068.jpg	ng his head.“You see. Santa Claus is only
images/000014069.jpg	grim centres at distant places. He decided to 
images/000014070.jpg	, “I wish that I had thought a little before j
images/000014071.jpg	has led to this phenomenon? As far as I know, 
images/000014072.jpg	Thus, the body would become lighter and smaller
images/000014073.jpg	e world, the gap between them will be na
images/000014074.jpg	row came flying to its nest. The monkeys were si
images/000014075.jpg	 he had to change this for the betterment and h
images/000014076.jpg	urn a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based
images/000014077.jpg	Cocoon and the ButterflyMany of us know
images/000014078.jpg	 Yes, the fox had eaten so much food tha
images/000014079.jpg	he price has been marked down over and over agai
images/000014080.jpg	r spoken English will be. Nothing in the wo
images/000014081.jpg	terials, which can also help accumulate and enla
images/000014082.jpg	d drink some water from a nearby spring. However
images/000014083.jpg	jonrnals and attend English lectures, while
images/000014084.jpg	n the exam. I want to be happy all the time.
images/000014085.jpg	ly, the donkey slipped and fell into the rive
images/000014086.jpg	. Participate in all oral activities. Th
images/000014087.jpg	s an important role in the maintenance of our so
images/000014088.jpg	ruggles the butterfly would have emerged like 
images/000014089.jpg	he river he again fell into the water. But inste
images/000014090.jpg	re very happy as they had a very prosperous lif
images/000014091.jpg	d to spend a lot of time around butterfli
images/000014092.jpg	pon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brill
images/000014093.jpg	y, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy building a
images/000014094.jpg	ed his donkey with bags of salt to go to the mar
images/000014095.jpg	on GapGeneration gap exists in our daily l
images/000014096.jpg	e society and become sociable.In a word, 
images/000014097.jpg	 there was no progress. It seemed that th
images/000014098.jpg	 about the same.  The father appreciated him and
images/000014099.jpg	side the hole was a package. The hungry fox i
images/000014100.jpg	he foolish, tricky donkey again set on its way. 
images/000014101.jpg	tterment and happiness of the people.His ministe
images/000014102.jpg	 the ballpoint pens he's bought over the years.
images/000014103.jpg	ve some ideal qualities to succeed in En
images/000014104.jpg	e he forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends a
images/000014105.jpg	s the butterfly would have emerged like 
images/000014106.jpg	should be responsible for solving the proble
images/000014107.jpg	utterflies decided to help the butterfly. He g
images/000014108.jpg	oup of monkeys were on a tree. They were cl
images/000014109.jpg	 of fireflies. One of the young monkeys 
images/000014110.jpg	s from an unappealing worm! Here is the st
images/000014111.jpg	in shaping children's personality. Friend
images/000014112.jpg	ood in it, and he became very happy. He jumped 
images/000014113.jpg	he shell for several hours. He spent almost m
images/000014114.jpg	 finished eating, he felt thirsty and decided to
images/000014115.jpg	 what the sparrow had said was correct.
images/000014116.jpg	mportant role in shaping children's char
images/000014117.jpg	in it, and he became very happy. He jumped
images/000014118.jpg	, the most essential quality for successfu
images/000014119.jpg	pie,first I will jion a soccer club,beca
images/000014120.jpg	ally depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig,
images/000014121.jpg	ay turn out for the better. Humanism makes t
images/000014122.jpg	e market competition, the price has been 
images/000014123.jpg	a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically de
images/000014124.jpg	at the roads weren’t comfortable and were v
images/000014125.jpg	need it to read English textbooks or jonrnals
images/000014126.jpg	eat our fellows with respect and tolerance, man
images/000014127.jpg	e spend on computers per week, ranging from
images/000014128.jpg	 the disappearance of all the ballpoint pe
images/000014129.jpg	s need to use it to talk to English-speak
images/000014130.jpg	 at the Right Time". The soldier extended a hel
images/000014131.jpg	. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy buildin
images/000014132.jpg	people can afford their own personal compu
images/000014133.jpg	almost more than 10 hours with the cocoon and the
images/000014134.jpg	t of humanism is apparent in the story of "The R
images/000014135.jpg	  Unfortunately, neither the wings expande
images/000014136.jpg	ster told, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy anim
images/000014137.jpg	ime, commitment and discipline to learn English
images/000014138.jpg	thes. Young people either turn a deaf ear 
images/000014139.jpg	 my parents, they are so happy to see me d
images/000014140.jpg	Tree TrunkOnce upon a time, there was a hungry
images/000014141.jpg	as able to pull out most of the nails fr
images/000014142.jpg	ge, a little boy lived with his father and mothe
images/000014143.jpg	ntertain friends. The household is always fr
images/000014144.jpg	very prosperous life with abundance of wealth 
images/000014145.jpg	ike playing soccer.During the summer holiday, I w
images/000014146.jpg	icult to hammer the nails and decided to control 
images/000014147.jpg	He was watching the butterfly struggling to bre
images/000014148.jpg	n is too conservative to accept anything new.
images/000014149.jpg	uties, including the children. Chinese families
images/000014150.jpg	ped and fell into the river and noticed that 
images/000014151.jpg	conservative to accept anything new. Their
images/000014152.jpg	o go on a travel to visit places of histori
images/000014153.jpg	was quite eager to watch the butterfly f
images/000014154.jpg	 hours that people spend on computers per w
images/000014155.jpg	py to see me do well in the exam. I want to 
images/000014156.jpg	e told himself, “I wish that I had thought 
images/000014157.jpg	s. In fact, he used to spend a lot of time a
images/000014158.jpg	 destroy the life of thousands of cows to g
images/000014159.jpg	r!Now, his father told him to remove th
images/000014160.jpg	xam. I want to be happy all the time. But I ha
images/000014161.jpg	itchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for t
images/000014162.jpg	.In the civilized world humanism plays an
images/000014163.jpg	donkey slipped and fell into the river and notice
images/000014164.jpg	ur daily life, whether you admit it or not. Whe
images/000014165.jpg	the elders' experience-based advice or s
images/000014166.jpg	 reasons why generation gap comes into being. 
images/000014167.jpg	st his temper, he ran to the fence and hammere
images/000014168.jpg	nd the butterfly. The butterfly had been struggli
images/000014169.jpg	day, his father gave him a huge bag of nails. H
images/000014170.jpg	 their children and keep the lines of communicat
images/000014171.jpg	nt ideas disturb both of them. Most of the t
images/000014172.jpg	he lost his temper, he ran to the fence an
images/000014173.jpg	n fact, he used to spend a lot of time a
images/000014174.jpg	,” I explained, “brings presents and toys t
images/000014175.jpg	was a cold and silent night. The weather was 
images/000014176.jpg	r to sell them. The merchant and his donkey
images/000014177.jpg	ll into the river and wasted all the bags
images/000014178.jpg	ought a little before jumping into the hole.”
images/000014179.jpg	ening. It meant that the butterfly was trying to 
images/000014180.jpg	why generation gap comes into being. Some think t
images/000014181.jpg	will remain there forever. Your bad temper 
images/000014182.jpg	s on the world, the gap between them will be
images/000014183.jpg	ng with friends one can get into the society and 
images/000014184.jpg	rs which affect a person's growth. One is fami
images/000014185.jpg	nvited all worries for his parents through the 
images/000014186.jpg	 kids, neighbours and even his friends due to
images/000014187.jpg	ses. Some students need it to read English textbo
images/000014188.jpg	role in shaping children's character. As p
images/000014189.jpg	rchant and his donkey were walking along toget
images/000014190.jpg	do you want to kill the holy animal cow to cov
images/000014191.jpg	ther and it would cost a huge amount of m
images/000014192.jpg	ll be narrowed down in time. Both sides should 
images/000014193.jpg	 when he opened the package, he saw there wer
images/000014194.jpg	 McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Ar
images/000014195.jpg	vin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronical
images/000014196.jpg	“You see. Santa Claus is only for human chil
images/000014197.jpg	places. He decided to travel by foot to 
images/000014198.jpg	l English learning is perseverance in face
images/000014199.jpg	terfly looked no longer beautiful and ha
images/000014200.jpg	wings, shrink the body and the wings could s
images/000014201.jpg	When it comes to the problem of generation gap,
images/000014202.jpg	erful machine. Today it is used a great deal. Th
images/000014203.jpg	to a nearby cave.The Hungry Fox who got C
images/000014204.jpg	uld talk over their problems with each oth
images/000014205.jpg	ht that there might be food in it, and he be
images/000014206.jpg	the things that young generation is keen on are d
images/000014207.jpg	 children warmth, care and shelter, while 
images/000014208.jpg	 body convert into wings. Thus, the body
images/000014209.jpg	out-to-lunch president of the galaxy; Tri
images/000014210.jpg	ty. Each member of the family contributes 
images/000014211.jpg	nderstand their children and keep the lines of 
images/000014212.jpg	 meaning of humanism. If we treat our fellows wi
images/000014213.jpg	“Do you think he will come if I write to
images/000014214.jpg	etter than you. Participate in all oral a
images/000014215.jpg	n with tiny opening. It meant that the but
images/000014216.jpg	n so much food that he became too big to fi
images/000014217.jpg	nkey again set on its way. On reaching the river 
images/000014218.jpg	ysical abuse! Use words for good. Use th
images/000014219.jpg	 and unity. Each member of the family contribu
images/000014220.jpg	ay is coming.I am going to do many things th
images/000014221.jpg	a conversation with their king and they were
images/000014222.jpg	k that maybe the old generation is too conservati
images/000014223.jpg	 bad temper and they were hammered on people. You
images/000014224.jpg	aid Monty. “I’ve never seen him, myself.”
images/000014225.jpg	s and attend English lectures, while some 
images/000014226.jpg	ns. Those who grow up in happy families tend to
images/000014227.jpg	lly monkeys that is a firefly, not real 
images/000014228.jpg	on it.Views on Generation GapGeneration ga
images/000014229.jpg	eat our fellows with respect and tolerance, man
images/000014230.jpg	ere are these pens? Why are we born? Why
images/000014231.jpg	ng. The people of the kingdom were very happy 
images/000014232.jpg	us know that a beautiful and colourful butterfly 
images/000014233.jpg	ed by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod
images/000014234.jpg	severance in face of hardship. Don't be in
images/000014235.jpg	e butterfly struggling to break the shell 
images/000014236.jpg	t of living, friends make another important 
images/000014237.jpg	 short, the most essential quality for successful
images/000014238.jpg	 on computers per week, ranging from about 1.5
images/000014239.jpg	t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen 
images/000014240.jpg	 for us to pay closer attention to our f
images/000014241.jpg	d in almost every field of our life. Meanwhi
images/000014242.jpg	Chinese families are hospitable. The family gathe
images/000014243.jpg	 fence every time he became angry and to lose h
images/000014244.jpg	 travel by foot to interact with his peop
images/000014245.jpg	l hours. He spent almost more than 10 hours with 
images/000014246.jpg	e summer holiday, I want to practice more 
images/000014247.jpg	d it with good intention, only going through t
images/000014248.jpg	aying soccer.During the summer holiday, I w
images/000014249.jpg	 the countrymen to wear shoes. FoolsIt was a c
images/000014250.jpg	ung generation is keen on are disgusting to them.
images/000014251.jpg	ome now before you catch a cold.”Change Your
images/000014252.jpg	mmer in the fence for 30 times on the first 
images/000014253.jpg	nd colourful butterfly comes from an una
images/000014254.jpg	e respectively more than in other countri
images/000014255.jpg	 to leave the trunk and drink some water from a
images/000014256.jpg	or the betterment and happiness of the people
images/000014257.jpg	Christmas SurpriseIt was two days before Ch
images/000014258.jpg	rip by foot to longer distance. He complained t
images/000014259.jpg	en though you find others speaking English b
images/000014260.jpg	ism plays an important role in the maintena
images/000014261.jpg	ce-based advice or set themselves against what 
images/000014262.jpg	rmth, care and shelter, while friends gi
images/000014263.jpg	humanistic behavior. In the event of a life-
images/000014264.jpg	ally, the boy’s father came up with an id
images/000014265.jpg	ren?” Emily asked.Short Stories - Christmas Su
images/000014266.jpg	d of the whole country with leather so that 
images/000014267.jpg	lk along those roads as it would be painful for t
images/000014268.jpg	time, the butterfly might expand the wings, 
images/000014269.jpg	could support the body.  Unfortunately, ne
images/000014270.jpg	 is, so they are the dearest parts in one
images/000014271.jpg	 are the connections between children and 
images/000014272.jpg	urs to come out through the tiny opening. Unfortu
images/000014273.jpg	nds and relatives without previous invita
images/000014274.jpg	 the shell for several hours. He spent al
images/000014275.jpg	not. When it comes to the problem of gener
images/000014276.jpg	butterfly struggling to break the shell for se
images/000014277.jpg	will jion a soccer club,because I like playi
images/000014278.jpg	long together. They had not walked far when 
images/000014279.jpg	a more beautiful place to live in.
images/000014280.jpg	row up in happy families tend to have many
images/000014281.jpg	rdered for a pair of leather shoes for him and re
images/000014282.jpg	sework. She was really tired when I was go to sc
images/000014283.jpg	en struggling very hard for hours to come out thr
images/000014284.jpg	 been marked down over and over again so that m
images/000014285.jpg	ration is too conservative to accept any
images/000014286.jpg	both sides keep their minds open to each
images/000014287.jpg	 that I had thought a little before jump
images/000014288.jpg	eave the trunk and drink some water from a nearby
images/000014289.jpg	could not get out of the hole. Do you know why?
images/000014290.jpg	n a soccer club,because I like playing soccer.
images/000014291.jpg	im fall for angry words. He scolded kids, neighbo
images/000014292.jpg	ral hours, there was no progress. It seemed t
images/000014293.jpg	, he felt thirsty and decided to leave the 
images/000014294.jpg	d intolerable pain in his feet as it was his fir
images/000014295.jpg	 like any other beautiful butterflies! The cont
images/000014296.jpg	h the verbal usage. While he forgot what h
images/000014297.jpg	 know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much f
images/000014298.jpg	o happy to have a conversation with their king 
images/000014299.jpg	 they are the dearest parts in one's lif
images/000014300.jpg	er's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last fi
images/000014301.jpg	eturned home again but re-loaded his donkey wi
images/000014302.jpg	 parents, they should learn to understan
images/000014303.jpg	eaking English better than you. Participate
images/000014304.jpg	 was looking for something to eat. He was very h
images/000014305.jpg	eaded, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to
images/000014306.jpg	e nails were your bad temper and they were ham
images/000014307.jpg	s became very tired. Now they realized what
images/000014308.jpg	f the meaning of humanism. If we treat our fe
images/000014309.jpg	ave the trunk and drink some water from a nearby 
images/000014310.jpg	 order as it would destroy the life of th
images/000014311.jpg	 open, at the same time they must keep in mind th
images/000014312.jpg	 and they were proud that their king was so kind 
images/000014313.jpg	lish reading comprehension, one should ge
images/000014314.jpg	 like playing soccer.During the summer ho
images/000014315.jpg	unk while he cut down trees in the forest. He 
images/000014316.jpg	ty, computers are now widely applied in a
images/000014317.jpg	thing the merchant could do, except return home 
images/000014318.jpg	pery riverbank, now deliberately, the don
images/000014319.jpg	s. FoolsIt was a cold and silent night. The w
images/000014320.jpg	erience-based advice or set themselves a
images/000014321.jpg	e tree. She noticed what they were doing. Th
images/000014322.jpg	the same cloth. Parents may not be in favor 
images/000014323.jpg	gain but re-loaded his donkey with bags of spo
images/000014324.jpg	Now, his father told him to remove the nails ever
images/000014325.jpg	 The little boy found it hilarious and acc
images/000014326.jpg	. Use them to embrace the relationships. Use the
images/000014327.jpg	p in mind that different things appeal to di
images/000014328.jpg	er and wasted all the bags of salt on its back
images/000014329.jpg	lying to its nest. The monkeys were sitt
images/000014330.jpg	over! You can stab a man with a knife, but the wo
images/000014331.jpg	well in the exam, I will show my paper to my p
images/000014332.jpg	the firefly and moved to a nearby cave.The 
images/000014333.jpg	eautiful and large.If we don’t want to un
images/000014334.jpg	parents, they are so happy to see me do wel
images/000014335.jpg	t that he had to change this for the betterment 
images/000014336.jpg	ve the nails but still see the holes in the
images/000014337.jpg	s from the South and has never seen snow befo
images/000014338.jpg	 his friends due to anger. He invited all worri
images/000014339.jpg	mmunications with them open, at the same time the
images/000014340.jpg	le, ‘What do you see there?’The boy replied, ‘a
images/000014341.jpg	” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know much a
images/000014342.jpg	nd anger were like that! Words are more pain
images/000014343.jpg	omprehension, one should get access to a l
images/000014344.jpg	 anything new. Their voices are not taken int
images/000014345.jpg	. Nothing in the world is difficult for one who
images/000014346.jpg	gh the struggles the butterfly would have 
images/000014347.jpg	t listen to the sparrow. They continued to bl
images/000014348.jpg	d and fell into the river and noticed that the
images/000014349.jpg	he is too busy visiting all the human childre
images/000014350.jpg	gressing of the society, computers are no
images/000014351.jpg	ck up at a cocktail party once upon a ti
images/000014352.jpg	ttempts for several hours, there was no prog
images/000014353.jpg	oticed what they were doing. The sparrow l
images/000014354.jpg	d he became very happy. He jumped into the hole
images/000014355.jpg	bring presents to animal children?” Emily asked
images/000014356.jpg	est. The monkeys were sitting on the same tree
images/000014357.jpg	ater. But instead of the load becoming ligh
images/000014358.jpg	ing soccer.During the summer holiday, I 
images/000014359.jpg	 from an unappealing worm! Here is the story o
images/000014360.jpg	ld his father that it was several days that he
images/000014361.jpg	from an unappealing worm! Here is the story 
images/000014362.jpg	ugh the struggles the butterfly would have emer
images/000014363.jpg	iant, and chronically depressed robot; and V
images/000014364.jpg	 into the river and noticed that the bags o
images/000014365.jpg	el to visit places of historical importa
images/000014366.jpg	w they realized what the sparrow had said
images/000014367.jpg	 "The Right Son at the Right Time". The soldier
images/000014368.jpg	hours to about 19 hours. The number clim
images/000014369.jpg	 butterfly had been struggling very hard for hou
images/000014370.jpg	l into the river and noticed that the bags of
images/000014371.jpg	 matter how hard he tried, the fox could no
images/000014372.jpg	r countries' family. In China, children live wi
images/000014373.jpg	dren and the society, so by contacting wi
images/000014374.jpg	the old generation is too conservative to a
images/000014375.jpg	 need. The young man's actions were the ex
images/000014376.jpg	 the cocoon. He was watching the butterfl
images/000014377.jpg	es of human goodness can remind us of the meaning
images/000014378.jpg	e society, computers are now widely applied in a
images/000014379.jpg	fer the environment of living, friends make anot
images/000014380.jpg	ngs presents and toys to human children at Chris
images/000014381.jpg	d talk over their problems with each oth
images/000014382.jpg	 attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s father came
images/000014383.jpg	e every time he became angry and to lose his te
images/000014384.jpg	omputers largely broaden our vision.How
images/000014385.jpg	everal hours. He spent almost more than 1
images/000014386.jpg	When it comes to the problem of generation gap, p
images/000014387.jpg	nd, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a coc
images/000014388.jpg	s insights into other cultures and keeps 
images/000014389.jpg	pt return home where he loaded his donkey 
images/000014390.jpg	eave the trunk and drink some water from a nearby
images/000014391.jpg	on a soccer club,because I like playing 
images/000014392.jpg	, no matter how hard he tried, he could not get
images/000014393.jpg	o help accumulate and enlarge your vocab
images/000014394.jpg	 king and they were proud that their king 
images/000014395.jpg	hippie and totally out-to-lunch president of t
images/000014396.jpg	 with each other actively, sincerely and fra
images/000014397.jpg	any of us know that a beautiful and colourful b
images/000014398.jpg	the monkeys became very tired. Now they realized 
images/000014399.jpg	 Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail party onc
images/000014400.jpg	 alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you
images/000014401.jpg	materials, which can also help accumulate and 
images/000014402.jpg	e computer is a wonderful machine. Today it is us
images/000014403.jpg	at different things appeal to different 
images/000014404.jpg	s born, the first surroundings is the fam
images/000014405.jpg	istance. He complained to his ministers t
images/000014406.jpg	Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around this
images/000014407.jpg	generations is common.Chinese families ar
images/000014408.jpg	” she asked me, shivering in the cold air
images/000014409.jpg	d that their king was so kind with a goo
images/000014410.jpg	n all oral activities. The more you spea
images/000014411.jpg	sparrow came flying to its nest. The monkeys were
images/000014412.jpg	e. He complained to his ministers that the ro
images/000014413.jpg	hole and when he opened the package, he s
images/000014414.jpg	 its beautiful wings.He thought that at any t
images/000014415.jpg	rmerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfrien
images/000014416.jpg	y very soon and taunt others with his words. His
images/000014417.jpg	Their voices are not taken into account. These d
images/000014418.jpg	rious and accepted to do what his father s
images/000014419.jpg	ith withered wings and huge body. It was 
images/000014420.jpg	n body with small and withered wings.The man wa
images/000014421.jpg	- what was his alternative idea. The min
images/000014422.jpg	hey don’t care how I do well in the exam, t
images/000014423.jpg	boy used to get angry very soon and taunt
images/000014424.jpg	as I know, it involves several reasons. Wit
images/000014425.jpg	t has led to this phenomenon? As far as I kn
images/000014426.jpg	maining cocoon. The butterfly emerged without an
images/000014427.jpg	, friends make another important part in shapi
images/000014428.jpg	“brings presents and toys to human children at 
images/000014429.jpg	 his father that it was several days that he
images/000014430.jpg	the sparrow had said was correct.They s
images/000014431.jpg	p, people's ideas are not cut from the same cl
images/000014432.jpg	nce upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilli
images/000014433.jpg	, this dynamic pair began a journey thro
images/000014434.jpg	exists in our daily life, whether you admit it o
images/000014435.jpg	 it comes to the problem of generation ga
images/000014436.jpg	appy families tend to have many pleasant characte
images/000014437.jpg	 opening. Unfortunately, even after continuous
images/000014438.jpg	know, it involves several reasons. With the ra
images/000014439.jpg	ad temper. The boy used to get angry very so
images/000014440.jpg	o interact with his people and accompany
images/000014441.jpg	"The Right Son at the Right Time". The soldier e
images/000014442.jpg	t night. The weather was freezing. A group
images/000014443.jpg	 the whole idea. Let’s go home now before
images/000014444.jpg	e fence every time he became angry and t
images/000014445.jpg	e can get into the society and become sociable.
images/000014446.jpg	e in face of hardship. Don't be intimidated even 
images/000014447.jpg	rty once upon a time zone; Marvin, a para
images/000014448.jpg	vironment of living, friends make another 
images/000014449.jpg	nism can be as important as actual medical 
images/000014450.jpg	y and decided to leave the trunk and drink some w
images/000014451.jpg	ould learn to understand their children and
images/000014452.jpg	foolish, tricky donkey again set on its 
images/000014453.jpg	t listen to the sparrow. They continued to blow
images/000014454.jpg	are playing a more and more important role 
images/000014455.jpg	help us to keep warm”.Suddenly they noticed a f
images/000014456.jpg	friendly, welcoming, and generous to visitors w
images/000014457.jpg	did not lose his temper!Now, his father
images/000014458.jpg	hours that people spend on computers per week, 
images/000014459.jpg	mmer Holiday?When I do well in the exam, I
images/000014460.jpg	tain friends. The household is always friendly,
images/000014461.jpg	nd love for butterflies decided to help t
images/000014462.jpg	eautiful and colourful butterfly comes from 
images/000014463.jpg	ent and discipline to learn English well. I
images/000014464.jpg	ll be narrowed down in time. Both sides s
images/000014465.jpg	 can remind us of the meaning of humanis
images/000014466.jpg	t a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon 
images/000014467.jpg	rest for many years. I guess he is too busy vis
images/000014468.jpg	the body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings exp
images/000014469.jpg	oung people either turn a deaf ear to the el
images/000014470.jpg	really tired when I was go to school. Except f
images/000014471.jpg	eir problems with each other actively, sinc
images/000014472.jpg	of colours. In fact, he used to spend a lo
images/000014473.jpg	ed that the butterfly tried its best and could n
images/000014474.jpg	ld not find food. Finally he went to the edg
images/000014475.jpg	 we say that families offer the environmen
images/000014476.jpg	s could support the body.  Unfortunately, ne
images/000014477.jpg	member of the family contributes to household du
images/000014478.jpg	 you think he will come if I write to him?”
images/000014479.jpg	lot of reading materials, which can also help ac
images/000014480.jpg	autiful spring morning, a merchant loaded his don
images/000014481.jpg	ks on the world, the gap between them will be nar
images/000014482.jpg	 different generations. Those who grow up in ha
images/000014483.jpg	lied in almost every field of our life. Meanwhil
images/000014484.jpg	 for human children,” Fritz said to Emily.
images/000014485.jpg	 mother. He was the only son for them. The 
images/000014486.jpg	rfly and he was quite eager to watch the bu
images/000014487.jpg	His mother and father consoled him in man
images/000014488.jpg	t of a life-threatening emergency, humanism
images/000014489.jpg	hering around the television in the evening
images/000014490.jpg	 Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod'
images/000014491.jpg	of humanism. If we treat our fellows with re
images/000014492.jpg	mmediately thought that there might be food i
images/000014493.jpg	r to celebrate holidays and entertain friend
images/000014494.jpg	ds and relatives without previous invitat
images/000014495.jpg	er the wings expanded or enlarged nor the swol
images/000014496.jpg	l days.Last I will help my mother do some
images/000014497.jpg	n important role in shaping children's char
images/000014498.jpg	himself, “I wish that I had thought a little
images/000014499.jpg	 opening for the butterfly and removed the remain
images/000014500.jpg	and chronically depressed robot; and Veet V
images/000014501.jpg	due to anger. He invited all worries for his pare
images/000014502.jpg	that he visited many pilgrim centres and
images/000014503.jpg	 the same tree. She noticed what they were doing
images/000014504.jpg	ipped and fell into the river and noticed that th
images/000014505.jpg	let the fluid stored in the body convert i
images/000014506.jpg	 like that! Words are more painful than phys
images/000014507.jpg	society, computers are now widely applied 
images/000014508.jpg	butterfly struggling to break the shell f
images/000014509.jpg	d anger were like that! Words are more painfu
images/000014510.jpg	coon. He loved butterflies and had a craze for
images/000014511.jpg	in modern life.What has led to this phenome
images/000014512.jpg	as several days that he did not hammer an
images/000014513.jpg	 with leather so that people might feel com
images/000014514.jpg	 for human children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So f
images/000014515.jpg	 families offer the environment of living, f
images/000014516.jpg	e struggles the butterfly would have emer
images/000014517.jpg	d edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to th
images/000014518.jpg	 It makes us do things more quickly. Fur
images/000014519.jpg	old his father about the same.  The father appre
images/000014520.jpg	fly that was never able to live a life li
images/000014521.jpg	 bad temper made him fall for angry words. He
images/000014522.jpg	ink the body and the wings could support
images/000014523.jpg	eneration is too conservative to accept anything
images/000014524.jpg	elter in a cave”. The monkeys did not lis
images/000014525.jpg	 she also has to work. Therefore, I want t
images/000014526.jpg	e spoke in anger, his friends and neighbours 
images/000014527.jpg	 different generations. Those who grow up in hap
images/000014528.jpg	, a former graduate student obsessed with
images/000014529.jpg	Now, his father told him to remove the na
images/000014530.jpg	d, “he hasn’t been around this part of the for
images/000014531.jpg	 make larger opening for the butterfly and
images/000014532.jpg	to pull out most of the nails from the fence. 
images/000014533.jpg	r tried to pick up at a cocktail party once upon
images/000014534.jpg	ame to the king and said that he had another id
images/000014535.jpg	he holes in the fence. Again, you cannot 
images/000014536.jpg	h he will grow up. Parents are children's first t
images/000014537.jpg	and totally out-to-lunch president of the galaxy
images/000014538.jpg	rowed down in time. Both sides should talk o
images/000014539.jpg	onsoled him in many ways to give up his ange
images/000014540.jpg	efly. He put it under a dry leaf and started bl
images/000014541.jpg	thers speaking English better than you. Partic
images/000014542.jpg	a wonderful machine. Today it is used a grea
images/000014543.jpg	ration is too conservative to accept anything ne
images/000014544.jpg	e life of thousands of cows to get the sufficie
images/000014545.jpg	ly would come out of the cocoon. He was watchi
images/000014546.jpg	axy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Za
images/000014547.jpg	 sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monk
images/000014548.jpg	the reasons why generation gap comes into b
images/000014549.jpg	 the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors an
images/000014550.jpg	 between children and the society, so by co
images/000014551.jpg	and no misfortunes.The king decided to go on 
images/000014552.jpg	row up in happy families tend to have many p
images/000014553.jpg	rld humanism plays an important role in th
images/000014554.jpg	ime, the butterfly might expand the wings, shrink
images/000014555.jpg	on the same tree. She noticed what they 
images/000014556.jpg	ed and the day arrived when no nail was hammered
images/000014557.jpg	 a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies an
images/000014558.jpg	 to different generations. Those who grow up i
images/000014559.jpg	rehension, one should get access to a lot of rea
images/000014560.jpg	package. The hungry fox immediately thou
images/000014561.jpg	poses. Some students need it to read Eng
images/000014562.jpg	as it would destroy the life of thousands of
images/000014563.jpg	nt role in the maintenance of our society.
images/000014564.jpg	thing new. Their voices are not taken into
images/000014565.jpg	cy, humanism can be as important as actual me
images/000014566.jpg	 gathers together to celebrate holidays 
images/000014567.jpg	keys said, “I wish we could find some fire. It
images/000014568.jpg	tle before jumping into the hole.”Computers an
images/000014569.jpg	t was several days that he did not hammer any 
images/000014570.jpg	affect a person's growth. One is family, and the 
images/000014571.jpg	h he will grow up. Parents are children's firs
images/000014572.jpg	urned home again but re-loaded his donkey wit
images/000014573.jpg	isappearance of all the ballpoint pens he's
images/000014574.jpg	before you catch a cold.”Change Yourself 
images/000014575.jpg	st have a piece of leather cut in appropriate 
images/000014576.jpg	hat I had thought a little before jumping into
images/000014577.jpg	d he became very happy. He jumped into the hole 
images/000014578.jpg	 his little niece Emily and introduced her.
images/000014579.jpg	e same time they must keep in mind that d
images/000014580.jpg	 to the elders' experience-based advice o
images/000014581.jpg	parrow continued: “I think all of you should 
images/000014582.jpg	h learning. It requires much time, commitmen
images/000014583.jpg	. But instead of the load becoming lighte
images/000014584.jpg	cutter had placed the food in the tree trunk whi
images/000014585.jpg	eat. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he tr
images/000014586.jpg	 around with withered wings and huge body. It wa
images/000014587.jpg	nd shelter, while friends give them strength and
images/000014588.jpg	laus is only for human children,” Fritz said to 
images/000014589.jpg	ame cloth. Parents may not be in favor of their c
images/000014590.jpg	l of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, t
images/000014591.jpg	oth sides keep their minds open to each 
images/000014592.jpg	nts and toys to human children at Christm
images/000014593.jpg	ision.How to Be a Successful English Lea
images/000014594.jpg	Son at the Right Time". The soldier extended
images/000014595.jpg	ntion to our fellows. Occasional examples of
images/000014596.jpg	d their children and keep the lines of communic
images/000014597.jpg	 family. In China, children live with their
images/000014598.jpg	ly, the butterfly looked no longer beautif
images/000014599.jpg	ust keep in mind that different things appeal 
images/000014600.jpg	e with abundance of wealth and no misfortunes.
images/000014601.jpg	 the disappearance of all the ballpoint pen
images/000014602.jpg	 students need English and they need it for diff
images/000014603.jpg	ere on a tree. They were clinging to its branch
images/000014604.jpg	sIt was a cold and silent night. The weather
images/000014605.jpg	anism can be as important as actual medi
images/000014606.jpg	happily began to eat. After the fox had fi
images/000014607.jpg	out-to-lunch president of the galaxy; Tri
images/000014608.jpg	fox was very sad and upset. He told himself, “I 
images/000014609.jpg	t. After the fox had finished eating, he felt th
images/000014610.jpg	. The fence never look the same! It has scars 
images/000014611.jpg	ickly. Further more, it gives us insights into 
images/000014612.jpg	ree trunk while he cut down trees in the fo
images/000014613.jpg	appy. He jumped into the hole and when he opene
images/000014614.jpg	, Arthur Dent is plucked off the planet by 
images/000014615.jpg	akes us do things more quickly. Further more
images/000014616.jpg	ery soon and taunt others with his words. His bad
images/000014617.jpg	. The boy used to get angry very soon and taun
images/000014618.jpg	veral generations gathering around the te
images/000014619.jpg	the body and the wings could support the body.  U
images/000014620.jpg	s. Thus, the body would become lighter and sm
images/000014621.jpg	s need it to read English textbooks or jonrnal
images/000014622.jpg	loth. Parents may not be in favor of their childr
images/000014623.jpg	 butterfly emerged without any struggle!
images/000014624.jpg	ies are proud of their harmony and unity. E
images/000014625.jpg	tand their children and keep the lines of communi
images/000014626.jpg	ll the answers, stick your thumb to the star
images/000014627.jpg	ugh space aided by a galaxyful of fellow trave
images/000014628.jpg	t and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, 
images/000014629.jpg	 to give up his anger and develop kindness. Unfor
images/000014630.jpg	ords. His bad temper made him fall for ang
images/000014631.jpg	embers in a Chinese family are respectively mor
images/000014632.jpg	ch the butterfly and he was quite eager 
images/000014633.jpg	so by contacting with friends one can get into 
images/000014634.jpg	ield of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to th
images/000014635.jpg	nce upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, bri
images/000014636.jpg	 world is difficult for one who sets his mind o
images/000014637.jpg	 Yet, the boy did not lose his temper. He told 
images/000014638.jpg	diately thought that there might be food in it, a
images/000014639.jpg	s.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked m
images/000014640.jpg	o the fence every time he became angry and to lo
images/000014641.jpg	 the family contributes to household duties
images/000014642.jpg	tions should be responsible for solving 
images/000014643.jpg	n’t be able to fly!Christmas SurpriseI
images/000014644.jpg	he made the butterfly come out of the coc
images/000014645.jpg	nd the day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet
images/000014646.jpg	 and neighbours avoided him.His mother and fath
images/000014647.jpg	e nail to the fence every time he became angry 
images/000014648.jpg	deliberately, the donkey fell into the ri
images/000014649.jpg	the food in the tree trunk while he cut down 
images/000014650.jpg	the price has been marked down over and o
images/000014651.jpg	ght a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf 
images/000014652.jpg	 a beautiful and colourful butterfly comes from 
images/000014653.jpg	e aided by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Z
images/000014654.jpg	g together. They had not walked far when they
images/000014655.jpg	em. As long as both sides keep their mind
images/000014656.jpg	arger opening for the butterfly and remo
images/000014657.jpg	Rather, you can just have a piece of leath
images/000014658.jpg	stic increase of the hours that people spend on c
images/000014659.jpg	ce never look the same! It has scars all
images/000014660.jpg	old duties, including the children. Chinese fami
images/000014661.jpg	ading comprehension, one should get access to a 
images/000014662.jpg	 hammered to the fence was reduced and the 
images/000014663.jpg	shaping children's personality. Friends are th
images/000014664.jpg	slippery riverbank, now deliberately, the don
images/000014665.jpg	hree-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch
images/000014666.jpg	 Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautif
images/000014667.jpg	dness can remind us of the meaning of huma
images/000014668.jpg	he became very happy. He jumped into the ho
images/000014669.jpg	 very difficult to hammer the nails and decide
images/000014670.jpg	w much about our winters.”It turned out Emi
images/000014671.jpg	h is demolished to make way for a galactic fre
images/000014672.jpg	 was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his temp
images/000014673.jpg	hout any struggle!Unfortunately, the bu
images/000014674.jpg	China, children live with their parents even af
images/000014675.jpg	ver. Your bad temper and anger were like 
images/000014676.jpg	, he felt thirsty and decided to leave the tr
images/000014677.jpg	he tree trunk while he cut down trees in the fore
images/000014678.jpg	f sponges.The foolish, tricky donkey again se
images/000014679.jpg	h textbooks or jonrnals and attend Englis
images/000014680.jpg	y would come out of the cocoon. He was wat
images/000014681.jpg	 So a household consisting of three generatio
images/000014682.jpg	 centres at distant places. He decided to tr
images/000014683.jpg	 made an order to cover the road of the who
images/000014684.jpg	y soon and taunt others with his words. His bad t
images/000014685.jpg	. Don't feel embarrassed when making some em
images/000014686.jpg	arrassed when making some embarrassing m
images/000014687.jpg	roblem of generation gap, people's ideas are
images/000014688.jpg	chant and his DonkeyShort Stories - A Merch
images/000014689.jpg	ey were proud that their king was so kind with 
images/000014690.jpg	 generations should be responsible for solving 
images/000014691.jpg	alk to English-speakers, attend seminars, wri
images/000014692.jpg	nd enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarras
images/000014693.jpg	l spring morning, a merchant loaded his don
images/000014694.jpg	e in shaping children's character. As paren
images/000014695.jpg	ms with each other actively, sincerely and fran
images/000014696.jpg	 the story of a butterfly that was never able 
images/000014697.jpg	tion gap exists in our daily life, wheth
images/000014698.jpg	 an order to cover the road of the whole country
images/000014699.jpg	ly for human children,” Fritz said to Em
images/000014700.jpg	 what they were doing. The sparrow laugh
images/000014701.jpg	colourful butterfly comes from an unappealing wor
images/000014702.jpg	nt part in shaping children's personality. 
images/000014703.jpg	sed to spend a lot of time around butterflies. He
images/000014704.jpg	nt that the butterfly was trying to make its 
images/000014705.jpg	He complained to his ministers that the roads w
images/000014706.jpg	e cocoon without any more struggles. He cont
images/000014707.jpg	ver look the same! It has scars all over! You c
images/000014708.jpg	parrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys t
images/000014709.jpg	o go to the market in order to sell them. 
images/000014710.jpg	ly, even after continuous attempts for sev
images/000014711.jpg	know much about our winters.”It turned out E
images/000014712.jpg	lking along together. They had not walked 
images/000014713.jpg	both help children to understand the world
images/000014714.jpg	roup of monkeys were on a tree. They were 
images/000014715.jpg	if I write to him?” Emily asked.“I don’t thin
images/000014716.jpg	his anger. Several days passed and the bo
images/000014717.jpg	d generous to visitors who can drop in on
images/000014718.jpg	t very difficult to hammer the nails and decided 
images/000014719.jpg	 comes from an unappealing worm! Here is the
images/000014720.jpg	rd clothes. Young people either turn a de
images/000014721.jpg	out of the cocoon without any more struggles. 
images/000014722.jpg	 in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out
images/000014723.jpg	 calls for us to pay closer attention to our fell
images/000014724.jpg	ained a few nails that the boy could not pull o
images/000014725.jpg	presents and toys to human children at Christm
images/000014726.jpg	nd entertain friends. The household is alw
images/000014727.jpg	eed English and they need it for different 
images/000014728.jpg	ppeal to different generations. Those who 
images/000014729.jpg	hildren's first teachers, so family does
images/000014730.jpg	appily began to eat. After the fox had fi
images/000014731.jpg	nd Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised ed
images/000014732.jpg	wn in time. Both sides should talk over their 
images/000014733.jpg	 wings could support the body.  Unfortunat
images/000014734.jpg	e butterfly just crawled around with withere
images/000014735.jpg	rmer graduate student obsessed with the disappea
images/000014736.jpg	and had a craze for its wonderful combinat
images/000014737.jpg	ma's house,because I miss her very much.I want
images/000014738.jpg	 do. For exampie,first I will jion a soccer club
images/000014739.jpg	als and attend English lectures, while s
images/000014740.jpg	 fence every time he became angry and to
images/000014741.jpg	loth. Parents may not be in favor of their
images/000014742.jpg	lunch.The fox happily began to eat. After 
images/000014743.jpg	tterflies. He knew how a butterfly would 
images/000014744.jpg	depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former
images/000014745.jpg	he market in order to sell them. The merchant
images/000014746.jpg	re not cut from the same cloth. Parents m
images/000014747.jpg	onkeys also joined in his effort.A sparrow came 
images/000014748.jpg	oth of them. Most of the things that you
images/000014749.jpg	hose roads as it would be painful for them too!
images/000014750.jpg	re was no progress. It seemed that the butterf
images/000014751.jpg	en's first teachers, so family does play an imp
images/000014752.jpg	Summer holiday is coming.I am going to do many 
images/000014753.jpg	rate the pain as he walked all the way throug
images/000014754.jpg	mas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, sh
images/000014755.jpg	growth. There are two apparent factors whi
images/000014756.jpg	ey don’t care how I do well in the exam, they ju
images/000014757.jpg	 You can remove the nails but still see the hol
images/000014758.jpg	 can remove the nails but still see the holes i
images/000014759.jpg	 He scolded kids, neighbours and even his fri
images/000014760.jpg	,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about the whol
images/000014761.jpg	hant loaded his donkey with bags of salt 
images/000014762.jpg	d, the fox could not find food. Finally 
images/000014763.jpg	ristmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t b
images/000014764.jpg	ldren and keep the lines of communications
images/000014765.jpg	 Caught in the Tree TrunkOnce upon a time
images/000014766.jpg	 words. His bad temper made him fall for angry w
images/000014767.jpg	hold consisting of three generations is comm
images/000014768.jpg	g hand to the old man in time of need. The yo
images/000014769.jpg	end to have many pleasant characters. If w
images/000014770.jpg	at was never able to live a life like a butter
images/000014771.jpg	. It meant that the butterfly was trying to make 
images/000014772.jpg	 was very much worried about the people who
images/000014773.jpg	elping hand to the old man in time of need. Th
images/000014774.jpg	l the students need English and they need it fo
images/000014775.jpg	ove my skills.Second I will go to my grand
images/000014776.jpg	ere hammered on people. You can remove the na
images/000014777.jpg	he opened the package, he saw there were a lo
images/000014778.jpg	 insights into other cultures and keeps our
images/000014779.jpg	sh learning is perseverance in face of hard
images/000014780.jpg	usy visiting all the human children to h
images/000014781.jpg	y for human children,” Fritz said to Emil
images/000014782.jpg	Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about the whole i
images/000014783.jpg	armth, care and shelter, while friends give
images/000014784.jpg	utterfly struggling to break the shell for
images/000014785.jpg	rvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically dep
images/000014786.jpg	ized world humanism plays an important role in 
images/000014787.jpg	ils from the fence. However, there remained
images/000014788.jpg	h their parents even after they get married
images/000014789.jpg	 boy told his father about the same.  The fathe
images/000014790.jpg	im, myself.”“Neither have I,” Harry add
images/000014791.jpg	ew days, the number of nails hammered on t
images/000014792.jpg	 order to cover the road of the whole co
images/000014793.jpg	p the lines of communications with them o
images/000014794.jpg	here might be food in it, and he became very
images/000014795.jpg	uggle, we won’t be able to fly!Christmas Sur
images/000014796.jpg	s personality. Friends are the connections be
images/000014797.jpg	y and decided to leave the trunk and drink some
images/000014798.jpg	o the fence was reduced and the day arrived w
images/000014799.jpg	y mother do some housework. She was real
images/000014800.jpg	rough space aided by a galaxyful of fellow tr
images/000014801.jpg	 we treat our fellows with respect and tolera
images/000014802.jpg	. Humanism calls for us to pay closer attention 
images/000014803.jpg	akers, attend seminars, write letters, etc.Stud
images/000014804.jpg	nd were very stony. He could not tolerate 
images/000014805.jpg	r more, it gives us insights into other culture
images/000014806.jpg	 generations. Those who grow up in happy fam
images/000014807.jpg	butes to household duties, including the 
images/000014808.jpg	m to hammer in the fence for 30 times on
images/000014809.jpg	ter, while friends give them strength and coura
images/000014810.jpg	oo busy visiting all the human children to ha
images/000014811.jpg	was a package. The hungry fox immediately
images/000014812.jpg	 nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not 
images/000014813.jpg	trymen to wear shoes. FoolsIt was a cold and si
images/000014814.jpg	The Hungry Fox who got Caught in the Tree
images/000014815.jpg	he went to the edge of the forest and se
images/000014816.jpg	 in order to sell them. The merchant and his 
images/000014817.jpg	es he also bring presents to animal children?
images/000014818.jpg	the body would become lighter and smaller and 
images/000014819.jpg	 characters. If we say that families offer the en
images/000014820.jpg	hrough the struggles the butterfly would have em
images/000014821.jpg	their attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s f
images/000014822.jpg	n drop in on friends and relatives withou
images/000014823.jpg	cannot pull out a few nails. The fence never l
images/000014824.jpg	 half. The little boy found it very difficult 
images/000014825.jpg	d intolerable pain in his feet as it was his firs
images/000014826.jpg	nful than physical abuse! Use words for good. 
images/000014827.jpg	donkey with more bags of salt. As they 
images/000014828.jpg	deal qualities to succeed in English learning.
images/000014829.jpg	y silly monkeys that is a firefly, not real
images/000014830.jpg	 proud that their king was so kind with a go
images/000014831.jpg	 king was very much surprised by his suggestion
images/000014832.jpg	is father about the same.  The father apprec
images/000014833.jpg	 helping hand to the old man in time of 
images/000014834.jpg	end English lectures, while some students 
images/000014835.jpg	ny of us know that a beautiful and colourful b
images/000014836.jpg	at the boy could not pull out.The boy told his 
images/000014837.jpg	in the tree trunk while he cut down trees i
images/000014838.jpg	w came flying to its nest. The monkeys were sit
images/000014839.jpg	 people who used to walk along those roads as it 
images/000014840.jpg	milies tend to have many pleasant characters. I
images/000014841.jpg	 comfortable, immediately.The king thought
images/000014842.jpg	the butterfly tried its best and could not 
images/000014843.jpg	sents and toys to human children at Christmas
images/000014844.jpg	ter they get married. So a household cons
images/000014845.jpg	le for solving the problem. As long as both sides
images/000014846.jpg	rillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's g
images/000014847.jpg	 grow up. Parents are children's first teachers,
images/000014848.jpg	 in the forest. He was going to eat it for his lu
images/000014849.jpg	mmered on the fence was reduced to half. The litt
images/000014850.jpg	rise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been 
images/000014851.jpg	is son to hammer one nail to the fence every
images/000014852.jpg	rink the body and the wings could support the 
images/000014853.jpg	 of cows to get the sufficient quantity o
images/000014854.jpg	unately, all their attempts failed. Finally, the
images/000014855.jpg	e upon a time, there was a hungry fox that was
images/000014856.jpg	 I explained, “brings presents and toys to hu
images/000014857.jpg	nger beautiful and had a swollen body wit
images/000014858.jpg	 thought that at any time, the butterfly mig
images/000014859.jpg	ren warmth, care and shelter, while friends
images/000014860.jpg	ard for hours to come out through the tiny open
images/000014861.jpg	nisters were stunned to hear his order as it w
images/000014862.jpg	 be happy all the time. But I have put so much
images/000014863.jpg	ing. It requires much time, commitment a
images/000014864.jpg	od Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed
images/000014865.jpg	 and totally out-to-lunch president of the 
images/000014866.jpg	mas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked 
images/000014867.jpg	y, his father gave him a huge bag of nail
images/000014868.jpg	r. In the event of a life-threatening emergen
images/000014869.jpg	er, with several generations gathering a
images/000014870.jpg	m to hammer in the fence for 30 times on the 
images/000014871.jpg	 ChinaThe members in a Chinese family are resp
images/000014872.jpg	ry of a butterfly that was never able to
images/000014873.jpg	 I was go to school. Except for taking care 
images/000014874.jpg	 from the South and has never seen snow befo
images/000014875.jpg	s of the meaning of humanism. If we treat ou
images/000014876.jpg	 even though you find others speaking English 
images/000014877.jpg	nt in the story of "The Right Son at the Right 
images/000014878.jpg	o its branches. One of the monkeys said, “I
images/000014879.jpg	Why are we born? Why do we die? For all t
images/000014880.jpg	sing as an out-of-work actor.Together, this dyn
images/000014881.jpg	 field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the 
images/000014882.jpg	ls.Second I will go to my grandma's house,becau
images/000014883.jpg	s. I guess he is too busy visiting all the huma
images/000014884.jpg	e butterfly tried its best and could not give a
images/000014885.jpg	ve the ability of English reading compreh
images/000014886.jpg	good. Use them to embrace the relationships.
images/000014887.jpg	r he again fell into the water. But instead of t
images/000014888.jpg	k and drink some water from a nearby spring. How
images/000014889.jpg	better than you. Participate in all oral ac
images/000014890.jpg	ere very happy as they had a very prospe
images/000014891.jpg	m a nearby spring. However, no matter how har
images/000014892.jpg	af and started blowing at it.Some other monkeys
images/000014893.jpg	 by foot to longer distance. He complained to
images/000014894.jpg	erfly tried its best and could not give an
images/000014895.jpg	ral days.Last I will help my mother do some house
images/000014896.jpg	they were proud that their king was so ki
images/000014897.jpg	nately, neither the wings expanded or enla
images/000014898.jpg	h he will grow up. Parents are children'
images/000014899.jpg	in the forest. He was going to eat it fo
images/000014900.jpg	A wise man from the ministry came to the king and
images/000014901.jpg	ed home again but re-loaded his donkey with
images/000014902.jpg	t part in shaping children's personality. Friends
images/000014903.jpg	ts failed. Finally, the boy’s father came
images/000014904.jpg	 so that people might feel comfortable, immediat
images/000014905.jpg	mper and anger were like that! Words are
images/000014906.jpg	friends and relatives without previous invitation
images/000014907.jpg	ily does play an important role in shapi
images/000014908.jpg	y things may turn out for the better. Humanism 
images/000014909.jpg	may not be in favor of their children's hairsty
images/000014910.jpg	ows. Occasional examples of human goodness c
images/000014911.jpg	lity. Friends are the connections between chil
images/000014912.jpg	support the body.  Unfortunately, neither the w
images/000014913.jpg	give any more try.The man, who had a pa
images/000014914.jpg	fficult to hammer the nails and decided to
images/000014915.jpg	 matter how hard he tried, the fox could not
images/000014916.jpg	ies offer children warmth, care and shelter, whi
images/000014917.jpg	parrow continued: “I think all of you shoul
images/000014918.jpg	 The soldier extended a helping hand to the old m
images/000014919.jpg	though you find others speaking English bett
images/000014920.jpg	eep in mind that different things appeal to di
images/000014921.jpg	ng monkeys thought it was fire.He caught a fir
images/000014922.jpg	of the young monkeys thought it was fire.He 
images/000014923.jpg	l for several hours. He spent almost more t
images/000014924.jpg	 in the exam. I want to be happy all the ti
images/000014925.jpg	here was no progress. It seemed that the butterf
images/000014926.jpg	d's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up a
images/000014927.jpg	 “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not re
images/000014928.jpg	rn to understand their children and keep the
images/000014929.jpg	forever. Your bad temper and anger were like
images/000014930.jpg	g of the society, computers are now wide
images/000014931.jpg	s. Thus, the body would become lighter and s
images/000014932.jpg	 sufficient quantity of leather and it would
images/000014933.jpg	ther told him to remove the nails every day a
images/000014934.jpg	my mother do some housework. She was really tire
images/000014935.jpg	 It makes us do things more quickly. Further mo
images/000014936.jpg	m an unappealing worm! Here is the story of a b
images/000014937.jpg	. If we treat our fellows with respect an
images/000014938.jpg	 had eaten so much food that he became too big 
images/000014939.jpg	s. He continued to watch the butterfly and h
images/000014940.jpg	the cocoon and the butterfly. The butterf
images/000014941.jpg	he Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, fo
images/000014942.jpg	I,” Harry added, shaking his head.“You se
images/000014943.jpg	n, only going through the struggles the butter
images/000014944.jpg	mper made him fall for angry words. He scol
images/000014945.jpg	, bread, meat and fruit in it!An old wood
images/000014946.jpg	erance, many things may turn out for the better.
images/000014947.jpg	it to read English textbooks or jonrnals and at
images/000014948.jpg	 us. “She doesn’t know much about our winter
images/000014949.jpg	 able to live a life like a butterfly!One da
images/000014950.jpg	 asked - what was his alternative idea. Th
images/000014951.jpg	rtant part in shaping children's personalit
images/000014952.jpg	ell into the water. But instead of the load beco
images/000014953.jpg	be happy. I know I should relax myself and be
images/000014954.jpg	he nails drove him to hammer in the fence f
images/000014955.jpg	et. He told himself, “I wish that I had though
images/000014956.jpg	it was his first trip by foot to longer d
images/000014957.jpg	ch can also help accumulate and enlarge your v
images/000014958.jpg	munications with them open, at the same time they
images/000014959.jpg	us of the meaning of humanism. If we treat our 
images/000014960.jpg	ention, only going through the struggles
images/000014961.jpg	d.Unfortunately, the donkey slipped and fe
images/000014962.jpg	res at distant places. He decided to travel by fo
images/000014963.jpg	he wings, shrink the body and the wings could
images/000014964.jpg	o make larger opening for the butterfly and
images/000014965.jpg	n's first teachers, so family does play 
images/000014966.jpg	 a man with a knife, but the wound will rema
images/000014967.jpg	 you admit it or not. When it comes to the 
images/000014968.jpg	atching the butterfly struggling to break t
images/000014969.jpg	s are proud of their harmony and unity. E
images/000014970.jpg	in anger, his friends and neighbours avoided hi
images/000014971.jpg	selves against what the elders have been pro
images/000014972.jpg	put so much pressure on myself. One day, my
images/000014973.jpg	ugh the hole.The fox was very sad and ups
images/000014974.jpg	nife, but the wound will remain there forever.
images/000014975.jpg	ren's first teachers, so family does play
images/000014976.jpg	 of leather and it would cost a huge amount 
images/000014977.jpg	 happily lived under the rule of a king.
images/000014978.jpg	ange this for the betterment and happines
images/000014979.jpg	oses. Some students need it to read English te
images/000014980.jpg	d entertain friends. The household is always fr
images/000014981.jpg	d not tolerate the pain as he walked all the w
images/000014982.jpg	to the market in order to sell them. The merchan
images/000014983.jpg	rgot what he spoke in anger, his friends an
images/000014984.jpg	 the river and noticed that the bags of salt loa
images/000014985.jpg	oy did not lose his temper. He told his fathe
images/000014986.jpg	generations should be responsible for solving the
images/000014987.jpg	 embarrassing mistakes.In short, the most ess
images/000014988.jpg	y hungry. No matter how hard he tried, t
images/000014989.jpg	 sufficient quantity of leather and it would cos
images/000014990.jpg	ssful English learning is perseverance in face o
images/000014991.jpg	to cover the road with leather? Rather, you can 
images/000014992.jpg	nging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. T
images/000014993.jpg	him to remove the nails every day as he had cont
images/000014994.jpg	autiful and had a swollen body with smal
images/000014995.jpg	r look the same! It has scars all over! You can
images/000014996.jpg	s need English and they need it for diffe
images/000014997.jpg	ends are the connections between children and t
images/000014998.jpg	king English better than you. Participate in all 
images/000014999.jpg	ng worm! Here is the story of a butterfly that w
images/000015000.jpg	e example of humanistic behavior. In the
images/000015001.jpg	“Santa Claus,” I explained, “brings presents and
images/000015002.jpg	 on the world, the gap between them will be na
images/000015003.jpg	n the story of "The Right Son at the Right T
images/000015004.jpg	sited many pilgrim centres and could see his fell
images/000015005.jpg	for the last fifteen years, has been posin
images/000015006.jpg	was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his tempe
images/000015007.jpg	 all the ballpoint pens he's bought over th
images/000015008.jpg	ys passed and the boy was able to pull out
images/000015009.jpg	responsible for solving the problem. As long as
images/000015010.jpg	responsible for solving the problem. As long 
images/000015011.jpg	e returned to the palace. He was quite happ
images/000015012.jpg	think all of you should take shelter in a
images/000015013.jpg	 to hammer in the fence for 30 times on the firs
images/000015014.jpg	er. But instead of the load becoming light
images/000015015.jpg	' family. In China, children live with their
images/000015016.jpg	y people can afford their own personal computer
images/000015017.jpg	nfluence a person's growth. There are two 
images/000015018.jpg	olidays and entertain friends. The househol
images/000015019.jpg	te holidays and entertain friends. The house
images/000015020.jpg	 from the fence. However, there remained a few n
images/000015021.jpg	se families are proud of their harmony and uni
images/000015022.jpg	work. Therefore, I want to help her in th
images/000015023.jpg	eeds and seeks rational ways of solving h
images/000015024.jpg	, he ran to the fence and hammered a nai
images/000015025.jpg	sh better than you. Participate in all oral a
images/000015026.jpg	at the boy could not pull out.The boy t
images/000015027.jpg	usy visiting all the human children to hav
images/000015028.jpg	they had a very prosperous life with abundance
images/000015029.jpg	we treat our fellows with respect and toler
images/000015030.jpg	 importance and pilgrim centres at distant 
images/000015031.jpg	y realized what the sparrow had said was corr
images/000015032.jpg	r.During the summer holiday, I want to pr
images/000015033.jpg	 out-to-lunch president of the galaxy; T
images/000015034.jpg	thought that he had to change this for t
images/000015035.jpg	es are not taken into account. These different 
images/000015036.jpg	nals and attend English lectures, while some
images/000015037.jpg	 you. Participate in all oral activities
images/000015038.jpg	him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you see ther
images/000015039.jpg	em to embrace the relationships. Use them to
images/000015040.jpg	w. They continued to blow at our poor firef
images/000015041.jpg	ral days passed and the boy was able to pul
images/000015042.jpg	t he did not hammer any nail and he did not los
images/000015043.jpg	y looked no longer beautiful and had a swol
images/000015044.jpg	amples that demonstrate humanism. The sp
images/000015045.jpg	alaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMilla
images/000015046.jpg	he said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a fi
images/000015047.jpg	e playing a more and more important role in mo
images/000015048.jpg	ss he is too busy visiting all the human c
images/000015049.jpg	ssential quality for successful English learn
images/000015050.jpg	laus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the c
images/000015051.jpg	 face of hardship. Don't be intimidated even 
images/000015052.jpg	rfly comes from an unappealing worm! Here 
images/000015053.jpg	English learning. It requires much time, commitm
images/000015054.jpg	ther appreciated him and asked him pointing to 
images/000015055.jpg	so didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who i
images/000015056.jpg	l and had a swollen body with small and withered 
images/000015057.jpg	on its way. On reaching the river he again fe
images/000015058.jpg	otally out-to-lunch president of the galaxy
images/000015059.jpg	ime the monkeys became very tired. Now they re
images/000015060.jpg	lt thirsty and decided to leave the trunk an
images/000015061.jpg	anism calls for us to pay closer attention t
images/000015062.jpg	 nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not los
images/000015063.jpg	t for different purposes. Some students need i
images/000015064.jpg	 president of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tr
images/000015065.jpg	welcoming, and generous to visitors who can drop 
images/000015066.jpg	used to get angry very soon and taunt others wi
images/000015067.jpg	oaded on his back became lighter.There was noth
images/000015068.jpg	at the sparrow had said was correct.They set fre
images/000015069.jpg	 in shaping children's personality. Friends are 
images/000015070.jpg	ut any more struggles. He continued to watch 
images/000015071.jpg	f fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-
images/000015072.jpg	e first day! Every time he lost his temper, he 
images/000015073.jpg	ve him to hammer in the fence for 30 times on th
images/000015074.jpg	There are two apparent factors which affec
images/000015075.jpg	due to anger. He invited all worries for his pa
images/000015076.jpg	 lighter and smaller and the wings would be
images/000015077.jpg	or food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big
images/000015078.jpg	 caught a firefly. He put it under a dry lea
images/000015079.jpg	ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In the next
images/000015080.jpg	textbooks or jonrnals and attend English lec
images/000015081.jpg	ess. Unfortunately, all their attempts failed. Fi
images/000015082.jpg	uld struggle to transform from an ugly cat
images/000015083.jpg	e, I want to help her in the holidays.Wha
images/000015084.jpg	 just have a piece of leather cut in app
images/000015085.jpg	king thought that he had to change this f
images/000015086.jpg	 tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after 
images/000015087.jpg	ding materials, which can also help accumulate
images/000015088.jpg	o interact with his people and accompany 
images/000015089.jpg	and entertain friends. The household is al
images/000015090.jpg	fly. The butterfly had been struggling very ha
images/000015091.jpg	 branches. One of the monkeys said, “I wis
images/000015092.jpg	to help her in the holidays.What will you
images/000015093.jpg	s. He knew how a butterfly would struggle to t
images/000015094.jpg	e fence. However, there remained a few nails
images/000015095.jpg	 whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail 
images/000015096.jpg	ention to our fellows. Occasional example
images/000015097.jpg	lunch.The fox happily began to eat. After the f
images/000015098.jpg	e and pilgrim centres at distant places.
images/000015099.jpg	mpts for several hours, there was no pro
images/000015100.jpg	plucked off the planet by his friend Ford Pr
images/000015101.jpg	 Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know much about our 
images/000015102.jpg	eway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the planet
images/000015103.jpg	 People of distant places were so happy t
images/000015104.jpg	he was very much worried about the people who u
images/000015105.jpg	after continuous attempts for several hours, t
images/000015106.jpg	iend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a co
images/000015107.jpg	ey fell into the river and wasted all the bags o
images/000015108.jpg	ook the same! It has scars all over! You can 
images/000015109.jpg	e returned to the palace. He was quite happy tha
images/000015110.jpg	has scars all over! You can stab a man w
images/000015111.jpg	er several weeks, he returned to the pal
images/000015112.jpg	fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few nails
images/000015113.jpg	alk to English-speakers, attend seminars
images/000015114.jpg	t get out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes
images/000015115.jpg	king English better than you. Participate
images/000015116.jpg	ltures and keeps our minds open to better way
images/000015117.jpg	explained, “brings presents and toys to h
images/000015118.jpg	rder to cover the road of the whole coun
images/000015119.jpg	m a nearby spring. However, no matter ho
images/000015120.jpg	fits to us. It makes us do things more quickly
images/000015121.jpg	 there remained a few nails that the boy 
images/000015122.jpg	 generation gap, people's ideas are not cut from 
images/000015123.jpg	or something to eat. He was very hungry. N
images/000015124.jpg	 to get the sufficient quantity of leath
images/000015125.jpg	rsation with their king and they were proud 
images/000015126.jpg	zing. A group of monkeys were on a tree. 
images/000015127.jpg	the butterfly might expand the wings, shrink 
images/000015128.jpg	r for the revised edition of The Hitchhik
images/000015129.jpg	children. Chinese families tend to socialize to
images/000015130.jpg	dship. Don't be intimidated even though y
images/000015131.jpg	 He was the only son for them. The parents of the
images/000015132.jpg	mprove my skills.Second I will go to my gr
images/000015133.jpg	mprove the ability of English reading comprehe
images/000015134.jpg	eek, ranging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 
images/000015135.jpg	h about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, W
images/000015136.jpg	r look the same! It has scars all over! You 
images/000015137.jpg	educed and the day arrived when no nail was ham
images/000015138.jpg	 revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide
images/000015139.jpg	m open, at the same time they must keep in mind 
images/000015140.jpg	ut a few nails. The fence never look the sa
images/000015141.jpg	and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel embar
images/000015142.jpg	cause I like playing soccer.During the summer
images/000015143.jpg	a Claus is only for human children,” Fritz said 
images/000015144.jpg	en Fritz appeared with his little niece Emi
images/000015145.jpg	bot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate studen
images/000015146.jpg	nvert into wings. Thus, the body would becom
images/000015147.jpg	of the society, computers are now widely 
images/000015148.jpg	eople leading a propitious life. However, 
images/000015149.jpg	drove him to hammer in the fence for 30 times on 
images/000015150.jpg	 up, indicating computers are playing a mo
images/000015151.jpg	ogress. It seemed that the butterfly tried 
images/000015152.jpg	 the summer holiday, I want to practice more to 
images/000015153.jpg	r seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She
images/000015154.jpg	fox that was looking for something to eat
images/000015155.jpg	st keep in mind that different things appeal t
images/000015156.jpg	coon without any more struggles. He continued to 
images/000015157.jpg	r to cover the road of the whole country with l
images/000015158.jpg	water from a nearby spring. However, no matter 
images/000015159.jpg	thousands of cows to get the sufficient quanti
images/000015160.jpg	cter. As parents, they should learn to unders
images/000015161.jpg	x had finished eating, he felt thirsty and
images/000015162.jpg	ion and love for butterflies decided to help th
images/000015163.jpg	s from an unappealing worm! Here is the story of
images/000015164.jpg	r and smaller and the wings would be beaut
images/000015165.jpg	quite happy that he visited many pilgrim ce
images/000015166.jpg	Merchant and his DonkeyShort Stories - A M
images/000015167.jpg	ered on people. You can remove the nails but 
images/000015168.jpg	 myself. One day, my parents tell me that th
images/000015169.jpg	er. They had not walked far when they reac
images/000015170.jpg	 climbs more than ten times up, indicating compu
images/000015171.jpg	 usage. While he forgot what he spoke in ange
images/000015172.jpg	in all oral activities. The more you speak
images/000015173.jpg	 would come out of the cocoon. He was wat
images/000015174.jpg	o this phenomenon? As far as I know, it 
images/000015175.jpg	they should learn to understand their children 
images/000015176.jpg	 the monkeys became very tired. Now they 
images/000015177.jpg	ace. He was quite happy that he visited many 
images/000015178.jpg	ren's character. As parents, they should lea
images/000015179.jpg	 them. Most of the things that young genera
images/000015180.jpg	 grow up in happy families tend to have many pl
images/000015181.jpg	“brings presents and toys to human children at Ch
images/000015182.jpg	o succeed in English learning. It requir
images/000015183.jpg	in time of need. The young man's actions were the
images/000015184.jpg	ning for the butterfly and removed the r
images/000015185.jpg	 able to pull out most of the nails from the 
images/000015186.jpg	friends.After one was born, the first su
images/000015187.jpg	admit it or not. When it comes to the problem o
images/000015188.jpg	 a flock of fireflies. One of the young monkey
images/000015189.jpg	to different generations. Those who grow u
images/000015190.jpg	quite happy that he visited many pilgrim ce
images/000015191.jpg	 fence was reduced to half. The little boy foun
images/000015192.jpg	t for taking care of me, she also has to 
images/000015193.jpg	-hippie and totally out-to-lunch president 
images/000015194.jpg	happy that he visited many pilgrim centr
images/000015195.jpg	 revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to 
images/000015196.jpg	, you can just have a piece of leather cut
images/000015197.jpg	is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shiver
images/000015198.jpg	brings presents and toys to human children at Chr
images/000015199.jpg	 One of the monkeys said, “I wish we could fi
images/000015200.jpg	 accept anything new. Their voices are not taken
images/000015201.jpg	rtunately, even after continuous attempts fo
images/000015202.jpg	te happy that he visited many pilgrim ce
images/000015203.jpg	do many things that I want to do. For exampie,
images/000015204.jpg	t part in shaping children's personality. 
images/000015205.jpg	e rule of a king. The people of the kingdom we
images/000015206.jpg	d seeks rational ways of solving human probl
images/000015207.jpg	care of me, she also has to work. Therefore,
images/000015208.jpg	 he used to spend a lot of time around butte
images/000015209.jpg	d us of the meaning of humanism. If we treat our 
images/000015210.jpg	ellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the 
images/000015211.jpg	utterfly and he was quite eager to watch 
images/000015212.jpg	t fifteen years, has been posing as an ou
images/000015213.jpg	 market competition, the price has been m
images/000015214.jpg	tmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were bus
images/000015215.jpg	river he again fell into the water. But instead 
images/000015216.jpg	 care and shelter, while friends give th
images/000015217.jpg	“Neither have I,” Harry added, shaking his
images/000015218.jpg	y examples that demonstrate humanism. The
images/000015219.jpg	ish-speakers, attend seminars, write let
images/000015220.jpg	e proud of their harmony and unity. Each 
images/000015221.jpg	sm. The spirit of humanism is apparent in 
images/000015222.jpg	he sparrow continued: “I think all of you should 
images/000015223.jpg	s. Some students need it to read English text
images/000015224.jpg	us do things more quickly. Further more, it
images/000015225.jpg	 the river he again fell into the water. But in
images/000015226.jpg	 were stunned to hear his order as it would dest
images/000015227.jpg	lity. Friends are the connections between chi
images/000015228.jpg	some ideal qualities to succeed in English
images/000015229.jpg	do well in the exam, they just want me t
images/000015230.jpg	rrow came flying to its nest. The monkey
images/000015231.jpg	ourney through space aided by a galaxyful of fe
images/000015232.jpg	a nail. In the next few days, the number 
images/000015233.jpg	The number climbs more than ten times up, indicat
images/000015234.jpg	Short Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne b
images/000015235.jpg	g the children. Chinese families tend to
images/000015236.jpg	d. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree
images/000015237.jpg	 few days, the number of nails hammered on the f
images/000015238.jpg	should relax myself and be happy.A Hole in the F
images/000015239.jpg	utterfly might expand the wings, shrink 
images/000015240.jpg	 set free the firefly and moved to a nearby
images/000015241.jpg	akers, attend seminars, write letters, etc
images/000015242.jpg	riendly, welcoming, and generous to visit
images/000015243.jpg	 body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expa
images/000015244.jpg	s are now widely applied in almost every
images/000015245.jpg	s in a Chinese family are respectively more t
images/000015246.jpg	le have different opinions on the reasons why ge
images/000015247.jpg	s they had a very prosperous life with abun
images/000015248.jpg	He thought that at any time, the butterfly mi
images/000015249.jpg	e butterfly. He got a pair of scissors and 
images/000015250.jpg	 his parents through the verbal usage. Whi
images/000015251.jpg	It was two days before Christmas. Harry, Corne
images/000015252.jpg	he food in the tree trunk while he cut down t
images/000015253.jpg	 beautiful and colourful butterfly comes from
images/000015254.jpg	ed with his little niece Emily and introduce
images/000015255.jpg	the donkey slipped and fell into the rive
images/000015256.jpg	students need to use it to talk to English-spe
images/000015257.jpg	 the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few nai
images/000015258.jpg	't feel embarrassed when making some embarra
images/000015259.jpg	utterfly was trying to make its way to enjo
images/000015260.jpg	 us do things more quickly. Further more, 
images/000015261.jpg	 need to use it to talk to English-speakers, atte
images/000015262.jpg	 of distant places were so happy to have a co
images/000015263.jpg	holidays and entertain friends. The household 
images/000015264.jpg	er climbs more than ten times up, indicating com
images/000015265.jpg	eys became very tired. Now they realized
images/000015266.jpg	nlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrass
images/000015267.jpg	rest. He was going to eat it for his lun
images/000015268.jpg	. The more you speak, the better your spoken Eng
images/000015269.jpg	s do things more quickly. Further more, i
images/000015270.jpg	The man was happy that he made the butterfly 
images/000015271.jpg	he parents of the little boy were very dep
images/000015272.jpg	e now before you catch a cold.”Change Yourself 
images/000015273.jpg	n't feel embarrassed when making some embarrassi
images/000015274.jpg	hat he had to change this for the betterment and 
images/000015275.jpg	s friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the rev
images/000015276.jpg	ad finished eating, he felt thirsty and decided
images/000015277.jpg	he last fifteen years, has been posing as an out-
images/000015278.jpg	 butterfly would struggle to transform fro
images/000015279.jpg	e in favor of their children's hairstyle 
images/000015280.jpg	on’t care how I do well in the exam, they just
images/000015281.jpg	ed, he could not get out of the hole. Do you
images/000015282.jpg	 caught a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf a
images/000015283.jpg	ugh you find others speaking English bett
images/000015284.jpg	 don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never se
images/000015285.jpg	uddenly they noticed a flock of fireflies
images/000015286.jpg	family gathers together to celebrate holidays
images/000015287.jpg	y tired when I was go to school. Except for tak
images/000015288.jpg	nese families are hospitable. The family
images/000015289.jpg	t meant that the butterfly was trying to make i
images/000015290.jpg	e children. Chinese families tend to social
images/000015291.jpg	rowth. One is family, and the other is f
images/000015292.jpg	veral days that he did not hammer any na
images/000015293.jpg	 it to read English textbooks or jonrnals and att
images/000015294.jpg	. A group of monkeys were on a tree. They 
images/000015295.jpg	of distant places were so happy to have a
images/000015296.jpg	eliberately, the donkey fell into the river a
images/000015297.jpg	end a lot of time around butterflies. He k
images/000015298.jpg	 his words. His bad temper made him fall
images/000015299.jpg	s of the meaning of humanism. If we treat o
images/000015300.jpg	ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Parents
images/000015301.jpg	w came flying to its nest. The monkeys were sit
images/000015302.jpg	eat deal. There is a drastic increase of the hou
images/000015303.jpg	n, the first surroundings is the family in which 
images/000015304.jpg	so help accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary
images/000015305.jpg	 their children and keep the lines of commun
images/000015306.jpg	either the wings expanded or enlarged nor the swo
images/000015307.jpg	 give up his anger and develop kindness. Unfor
images/000015308.jpg	 decided to sit over and watch how the butter
images/000015309.jpg	an important role in shaping children's charac
images/000015310.jpg	 hammer any nail and he did not lose his
images/000015311.jpg	 will go to my grandma's house,because I m
images/000015312.jpg	ocoon without any more struggles. He conti
images/000015313.jpg	ces are not taken into account. These di
images/000015314.jpg	heir minds open to each other's outlooks on t
images/000015315.jpg	ts in our daily life, whether you admit it or n
images/000015316.jpg	 lose his temper. He told his father that it
images/000015317.jpg	ut 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number c
images/000015318.jpg	been proud of.People have different opi
images/000015319.jpg	ay it is used a great deal. There is a drastic
images/000015320.jpg	n in time of need. The young man's actions were
images/000015321.jpg	amily does play an important role in shaping 
images/000015322.jpg	terfly might expand the wings, shrink the body a
images/000015323.jpg	eed. The young man's actions were the exam
images/000015324.jpg	m the butterfly to come out of its cocoon would
images/000015325.jpg	e monkeys did not listen to the sparrow. T
images/000015326.jpg	as never able to live a life like a butter
images/000015327.jpg	 cocktail party once upon a time zone; Marvin, a 
images/000015328.jpg	ying soccer.During the summer holiday, I want to
images/000015329.jpg	lish learning is perseverance in face of hardshi
images/000015330.jpg	umanism calls for us to pay closer attent
images/000015331.jpg	nism is a system of beliefs that focuses
images/000015332.jpg	distance. He complained to his ministers that
images/000015333.jpg	kes.In short, the most essential quality for su
images/000015334.jpg	 the price has been marked down over and
images/000015335.jpg	tored in the body convert into wings. Thus, the
images/000015336.jpg	o family does play an important role in sh
images/000015337.jpg	d. Finally, the boy’s father came up with
images/000015338.jpg	 household duties, including the children. 
images/000015339.jpg	ne nail to the fence every time he became angry
images/000015340.jpg	ricky donkey again set on its way. On reachi
images/000015341.jpg	her beautiful butterflies! The continuous effort
images/000015342.jpg	cows to get the sufficient quantity of leat
images/000015343.jpg	m open, at the same time they must keep in 
images/000015344.jpg	an drop in on friends and relatives without previ
images/000015345.jpg	nately, the donkey slipped and fell into the 
images/000015346.jpg	 its branches. One of the monkeys said, 
images/000015347.jpg	ater from a nearby spring. However, no matter
images/000015348.jpg	along together. They had not walked far when the
images/000015349.jpg	with abundance of wealth and no misfortunes.
images/000015350.jpg	, he ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In
images/000015351.jpg	ame tree. She noticed what they were doing. The
images/000015352.jpg	omes into being. Some think that maybe the
images/000015353.jpg	about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The numbe
images/000015354.jpg	dy. It was never able to fly all through its 
images/000015355.jpg	ybe the old generation is too conservative 
images/000015356.jpg	f need. The young man's actions were the e
images/000015357.jpg	 not lose his temper. He told his father that it 
images/000015358.jpg	boy’s father came up with an idea.One day, hi
images/000015359.jpg	 character. As parents, they should learn to unde
images/000015360.jpg	jagig, a former graduate student obsessed with t
images/000015361.jpg	r a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is pluck
images/000015362.jpg	to the king and said that he had another idea
images/000015363.jpg	talk to English-speakers, attend seminars, 
images/000015364.jpg	stic increase of the hours that people s
images/000015365.jpg	me to the king and said that he had another ide
images/000015366.jpg	iday?When I do well in the exam, I will show
images/000015367.jpg	h leather so that people might feel comf
images/000015368.jpg	and develop kindness. Unfortunately, all their a
images/000015369.jpg	e and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel emba
images/000015370.jpg	ain there forever. Your bad temper and anger wer
images/000015371.jpg	and decided to control his temper.Gradually, t
images/000015372.jpg	sty and decided to leave the trunk and d
images/000015373.jpg	e decline of cost and the fierce market competi
images/000015374.jpg	efect, a researcher for the revised edit
images/000015375.jpg	is alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Wh
images/000015376.jpg	to the decline of cost and the fierce market com
images/000015377.jpg	ound this part of the forest for many ye
images/000015378.jpg	 of need. The young man's actions were the e
images/000015379.jpg	 anger. Several days passed and the boy 
images/000015380.jpg	e Right Time". The soldier extended a help
images/000015381.jpg	 life with abundance of wealth and no mi
images/000015382.jpg	tunately, neither the wings expanded or enlar
images/000015383.jpg	ugh its life.Although the man did it with good 
images/000015384.jpg	ld take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys d
images/000015385.jpg	in all oral activities. The more you speak
images/000015386.jpg	ysical abuse! Use words for good. Use them
images/000015387.jpg	were very stony. He could not tolerate the pa
images/000015388.jpg	ck. He then returned home again but re-l
images/000015389.jpg	poor firefly.After some time the monkeys became
images/000015390.jpg	sible for solving the problem. As long as bot
images/000015391.jpg	ttempts for several hours, there was no 
images/000015392.jpg	 is apparent in the story of "The Right Son a
images/000015393.jpg	dren to understand the world as it is, so they
images/000015394.jpg	e cocoon. He was watching the butterfly strugglin
images/000015395.jpg	 not taken into account. These different id
images/000015396.jpg	he minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill
images/000015397.jpg	 cold and silent night. The weather was freez
images/000015398.jpg	 don’t want to undergo any struggle, we w
images/000015399.jpg	em. The merchant and his donkey were wal
images/000015400.jpg	 gathers together to celebrate holidays and 
images/000015401.jpg	milies tend to have many pleasant charact
images/000015402.jpg	ided to control his temper.Gradually, t
images/000015403.jpg	they get married. So a household consisting of 
images/000015404.jpg	have some ideal qualities to succeed in Eng
images/000015405.jpg	him and asked him pointing to the hole, ‘W
images/000015406.jpg	 comes from an unappealing worm! Here is the s
images/000015407.jpg	o each other's outlooks on the world, the gap bet
images/000015408.jpg	ered on the fence was reduced to half. The l
images/000015409.jpg	ng new. Their voices are not taken into a
images/000015410.jpg	ugh the tiny opening. Unfortunately, eve
images/000015411.jpg	helping hand to the old man in time of need. The 
images/000015412.jpg	y Fox who got Caught in the Tree TrunkOnc
images/000015413.jpg	eautiful butterflies! The continuous effort 
images/000015414.jpg	hings more quickly. Further more, it gives us
images/000015415.jpg	 thought that he had to change this for th
images/000015416.jpg	. Young people either turn a deaf ear to the elde
images/000015417.jpg	t still see the holes in the fence. Again, 
images/000015418.jpg	 pair of leather shoes for him and request
images/000015419.jpg	 he tried, the fox could not find food. Finall
images/000015420.jpg	hysical abuse! Use words for good. Use them to 
images/000015421.jpg	ded to control his temper.Gradually, the 
images/000015422.jpg	 the story of a butterfly that was never ab
images/000015423.jpg	.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expanded or e
images/000015424.jpg	oblems with each other actively, sincerely a
images/000015425.jpg	 opened the package, he saw there were a lot 
images/000015426.jpg	ing for something to eat. He was very hungry.
images/000015427.jpg	ulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't 
images/000015428.jpg	vert into wings. Thus, the body would bec
images/000015429.jpg	hungry fox that was looking for something to e
images/000015430.jpg	er appreciated him and asked him pointing 
images/000015431.jpg	well. In order to improve the ability of English
images/000015432.jpg	ks to the decline of cost and the fierce market c
images/000015433.jpg	d get access to a lot of reading materials, w
images/000015434.jpg	ry difficult to hammer the nails and dec
images/000015435.jpg	rfly. The butterfly had been struggling very h
images/000015436.jpg	h more bags of salt. As they reached the s
images/000015437.jpg	nt to practice more to improve my skills.Se
images/000015438.jpg	s became very tired. Now they realized what t
images/000015439.jpg	 attempts for several hours, there was no p
images/000015440.jpg	erations gathering around the television in the 
images/000015441.jpg	 tried its best and could not give any more tr
images/000015442.jpg	 to help the butterfly. He got a pair of
images/000015443.jpg	ng new. Their voices are not taken into ac
images/000015444.jpg	ld become lighter and smaller and the wings 
images/000015445.jpg	The king decided to go on a travel to vi
images/000015446.jpg	as brought a lot of benefits to us. It makes u
images/000015447.jpg	rsty and decided to leave the trunk and drink so
images/000015448.jpg	ing very hard for hours to come out thro
images/000015449.jpg	re not taken into account. These different i
images/000015450.jpg	ather shoes for him and requested the coun
images/000015451.jpg	l the time. But I have put so much pressure on my
images/000015452.jpg	t of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the 
images/000015453.jpg	hings that young generation is keen on a
images/000015454.jpg	was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose hi
images/000015455.jpg	s to us. It makes us do things more quickly.
images/000015456.jpg	te in all oral activities. The more you spea
images/000015457.jpg	been around this part of the forest for m
images/000015458.jpg	 the butterfly fly with its beautiful wings.He 
images/000015459.jpg	 see his fellow people leading a propitiou
images/000015460.jpg	 water. But instead of the load becoming 
images/000015461.jpg	 he was quite eager to watch the butterfly fly 
images/000015462.jpg	fer children warmth, care and shelter, while
images/000015463.jpg	ng worm! Here is the story of a butterfly that w
images/000015464.jpg	his father that it was several days that he
images/000015465.jpg	Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's 
images/000015466.jpg	 times up, indicating computers are playing a
images/000015467.jpg	ion to our fellows. Occasional examples o
images/000015468.jpg	ren to understand the world as it is, so
images/000015469.jpg	terfly and removed the remaining cocoon. 
images/000015470.jpg	atening emergency, humanism can be as important a
images/000015471.jpg	perous life with abundance of wealth and no 
images/000015472.jpg	reached the slippery riverbank, now delib
images/000015473.jpg	s should have some ideal qualities to succeed i
images/000015474.jpg	 longer beautiful and had a swollen body with sm
images/000015475.jpg	an, who had a passion and love for butterfli
images/000015476.jpg	y. It was never able to fly all through 
images/000015477.jpg	The monkeys were sitting on the same tree. She
images/000015478.jpg	to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on
images/000015479.jpg	ts need it to read English textbooks or jonrn
images/000015480.jpg	 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly. 
images/000015481.jpg	to make way for a galactic freeway, Arthur
images/000015482.jpg	cannot pull out a few nails. The fence neve
images/000015483.jpg	 a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf and
images/000015484.jpg	trength and courage. They both help children
images/000015485.jpg	ve for butterflies decided to help the butterfly.
images/000015486.jpg	nd he was quite eager to watch the butterfly f
images/000015487.jpg	actic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked of
images/000015488.jpg	, “The nails were your bad temper and they we
images/000015489.jpg	xam, I will show my paper to my parents, th
images/000015490.jpg	 are children's first teachers, so family does p
images/000015491.jpg	, myself.”“Neither have I,” Harry added, shak
images/000015492.jpg	ening for the butterfly and removed the rem
images/000015493.jpg	ly more than in other countries' family. I
images/000015494.jpg	h the man did it with good intention, only g
images/000015495.jpg	ge this for the betterment and happiness of 
images/000015496.jpg	hey reached the slippery riverbank, now d
images/000015497.jpg	the only son for them. The parents of the 
images/000015498.jpg	per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours to 
images/000015499.jpg	ies - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful sp
images/000015500.jpg	n the first day! Every time he lost his temp
images/000015501.jpg	day, I want to practice more to improve my skil
images/000015502.jpg	xampie,first I will jion a soccer club,becau
images/000015503.jpg	d he became very happy. He jumped into the hole
images/000015504.jpg	y, the donkey fell into the river and wasted
images/000015505.jpg	the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few
images/000015506.jpg	f fireflies. One of the young monkeys thought
images/000015507.jpg	etter. Humanism makes the world a more beaut
images/000015508.jpg	y, all their attempts failed. Finally, the b
images/000015509.jpg	ammered on the fence was reduced to half. T
images/000015510.jpg	les the butterfly would have emerged lik
images/000015511.jpg	ammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his temper.
images/000015512.jpg	so happy to see me do well in the exam. I want
images/000015513.jpg	You can stab a man with a knife, but the wound 
images/000015514.jpg	uilding a snowman when Fritz appeared with
images/000015515.jpg	tterfly would struggle to transform from an 
images/000015516.jpg	-speakers, attend seminars, write letter
images/000015517.jpg	ber of nails hammered on the fence was redu
images/000015518.jpg	exam. I want to be happy all the time. But 
images/000015519.jpg	versation with their king and they were 
images/000015520.jpg	e happy. I know I should relax myself and be ha
images/000015521.jpg	 flying to its nest. The monkeys were sittin
images/000015522.jpg	lies and had a craze for its wonderful combina
images/000015523.jpg	ish well. In order to improve the ability
images/000015524.jpg	 of human goodness can remind us of the meanin
images/000015525.jpg	ervative to accept anything new. Their voices ar
images/000015526.jpg	he fence every time he became angry and to los
images/000015527.jpg	n are disgusting to them.Both generations 
images/000015528.jpg	e family gathers together to celebrate ho
images/000015529.jpg	ren's personality. Friends are the connections b
images/000015530.jpg	 visitors who can drop in on friends and relativ
images/000015531.jpg	ntinued to watch the butterfly and he wa
images/000015532.jpg	he donkey fell into the river and wasted all the 
images/000015533.jpg	 who grow up in happy families tend to have m
images/000015534.jpg	 into a beautiful one.He saw a cocoon wi
images/000015535.jpg	ow came flying to its nest. The monkeys were sit
images/000015536.jpg	go to school. Except for taking care of m
images/000015537.jpg	, a researcher for the revised edition of The 
images/000015538.jpg	man from the ministry came to the king and said 
images/000015539.jpg	l qualities to succeed in English learning. It 
images/000015540.jpg	er to watch the butterfly fly with its be
images/000015541.jpg	again so that many people can afford their own 
images/000015542.jpg	d the slippery riverbank, now deliberately, 
images/000015543.jpg	nglish will be. Nothing in the world is difficult
images/000015544.jpg	 is difficult for one who sets his mind on it.
images/000015545.jpg	 in the world is difficult for one who sets his
images/000015546.jpg	of monkeys were on a tree. They were cli
images/000015547.jpg	he butterfly. The butterfly had been struggl
images/000015548.jpg	the road with leather? Rather, you can j
images/000015549.jpg	were like that! Words are more painful than phy
images/000015550.jpg	cocoon would let the fluid stored in the b
images/000015551.jpg	returned home again but re-loaded his donkey wi
images/000015552.jpg	d and the boy was able to pull out most of the na
images/000015553.jpg	mily does play an important role in shaping chi
images/000015554.jpg	ds of cows to get the sufficient quantity of le
images/000015555.jpg	n the world, the gap between them will be narrow
images/000015556.jpg	 their attempts failed. Finally, the boy’
images/000015557.jpg	ifteen years, has been posing as an out-of-work a
images/000015558.jpg	m calls for us to pay closer attention to o
images/000015559.jpg	cocoon to make larger opening for the butterfly a
images/000015560.jpg	he did not hammer any nail and he did not 
images/000015561.jpg	le boy were very depressed due to his bad 
images/000015562.jpg	gs could support the body.  Unfortunately, ne
images/000015563.jpg	the event of a life-threatening emergency, huma
images/000015564.jpg	who grow up in happy families tend to have
images/000015565.jpg	number of nails hammered on the fence was reduc
images/000015566.jpg	mily does play an important role in shaping chi
images/000015567.jpg	a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf and started
images/000015568.jpg	ish reading comprehension, one should get a
images/000015569.jpg	ome students need to use it to talk to Eng
images/000015570.jpg	 in almost every field of our life. Meanw
images/000015571.jpg	trick. He then returned home again but re-loaded
images/000015572.jpg	n time. Both sides should talk over their probl
images/000015573.jpg	used to get angry very soon and taunt othe
images/000015574.jpg	 in order to sell them. The merchant and hi
images/000015575.jpg	he whole country with leather so that peopl
images/000015576.jpg	is friends due to anger. He invited all worri
images/000015577.jpg	ent night. The weather was freezing. A grou
images/000015578.jpg	is temper. He told his father that it was
images/000015579.jpg	ctures, while some students need to use it to ta
images/000015580.jpg	neration gap exists in our daily life, w
images/000015581.jpg	sage. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, 
images/000015582.jpg	n the forest. He was going to eat it for his lu
images/000015583.jpg	e cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly 
images/000015584.jpg	He decided to sit over and watch how the butte
images/000015585.jpg	l combination of colours. In fact, he used to sp
images/000015586.jpg	e most essential quality for successful English 
images/000015587.jpg	blems with each other actively, sincerely 
images/000015588.jpg	t in order to sell them. The merchant and his do
images/000015589.jpg	controlled his anger. Several days passe
images/000015590.jpg	l abuse! Use words for good. Use them to 
images/000015591.jpg	ery time he lost his temper, he ran to t
images/000015592.jpg	munications with them open, at the same time the
images/000015593.jpg	s for us to pay closer attention to our fello
images/000015594.jpg	d decided to leave the trunk and drink som
images/000015595.jpg	Neither have I,” Harry added, shaking his h
images/000015596.jpg	demolished to make way for a galactic freeway, A
images/000015597.jpg	rately, the donkey fell into the river and wasted
images/000015598.jpg	orried about the people who used to walk along t
images/000015599.jpg	 for different purposes. Some students ne
images/000015600.jpg	m of generation gap, people's ideas are n
images/000015601.jpg	re hospitable. The family gathers together
images/000015602.jpg	y came to the king and said that he had anoth
images/000015603.jpg	rby spring. However, no matter how hard he t
images/000015604.jpg	ked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you
images/000015605.jpg	 the old generation is too conservative to a
images/000015606.jpg	g the river he again fell into the water. 
images/000015607.jpg	 drastic increase of the hours that people s
images/000015608.jpg	. I want to be happy all the time. But I have 
images/000015609.jpg	e different opinions on the reasons why generat
images/000015610.jpg	ir king and they were proud that their king was s
images/000015611.jpg	 holes in the fence. Again, you cannot pul
images/000015612.jpg	days before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Mon
images/000015613.jpg	oly animal cow to cover the road with leather? 
images/000015614.jpg	es decided to help the butterfly. He got 
images/000015615.jpg	e these pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? Fo
images/000015616.jpg	 my parents, they are so happy to see me do w
images/000015617.jpg	mily gathers together to celebrate holidays an
images/000015618.jpg	ce never look the same! It has scars all over! Y
images/000015619.jpg	 The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, fo
images/000015620.jpg	me tree. She noticed what they were doing
images/000015621.jpg	 his back became lighter.There was nothing th
images/000015622.jpg	 was freezing. A group of monkeys were on a tre
images/000015623.jpg	ish learning is perseverance in face of hards
images/000015624.jpg	nderful combination of colours. In fact, h
images/000015625.jpg	 quality for successful English learning
images/000015626.jpg	id, brilliant, and chronically depressed rob
images/000015627.jpg	could find some fire. It will help us to kee
images/000015628.jpg	ke way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is 
images/000015629.jpg	t as it was his first trip by foot to longe
images/000015630.jpg	 he ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In 
images/000015631.jpg	terflyMany of us know that a beautiful and
images/000015632.jpg	 in almost every field of our life. Meanwhile, 
images/000015633.jpg	e hours that people spend on computers pe
images/000015634.jpg	nkeys did not listen to the sparrow. They conti
images/000015635.jpg	d shelter, while friends give them strength and 
images/000015636.jpg	 to go on a travel to visit places of historical 
images/000015637.jpg	uters per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours to 
images/000015638.jpg	hile some students need to use it to talk to En
images/000015639.jpg	family does play an important role in shaping ch
images/000015640.jpg	s to a lot of reading materials, which can als
images/000015641.jpg	occer club,because I like playing soccer.
images/000015642.jpg	ough the struggles the butterfly would have emerg
images/000015643.jpg	 as he had controlled his anger. Several da
images/000015644.jpg	ld support the body.  Unfortunately, nei
images/000015645.jpg	sm. If we treat our fellows with respect a
images/000015646.jpg	age. They both help children to understand the wo
images/000015647.jpg	et. He told himself, “I wish that I had thou
images/000015648.jpg	rk. She was really tired when I was go t
images/000015649.jpg	ve”. The monkeys did not listen to the sparr
images/000015650.jpg	riate shape to cover your feet?’The kin
images/000015651.jpg	 hours that people spend on computers per week
images/000015652.jpg	eed it for different purposes. Some students 
images/000015653.jpg	gry words. He scolded kids, neighbours and e
images/000015654.jpg	ong ago, people happily lived under the r
images/000015655.jpg	benefits to us. It makes us do things mo
images/000015656.jpg	to hammer one nail to the fence every time he 
images/000015657.jpg	e not taken into account. These different idea
images/000015658.jpg	chant could do, except return home where
images/000015659.jpg	 been around this part of the forest for man
images/000015660.jpg	ts back again.The merchant quickly discovere
images/000015661.jpg	sh and they need it for different purposes. 
images/000015662.jpg	 between children and the society, so by c
images/000015663.jpg	household duties, including the children. Ch
images/000015664.jpg	 life-threatening emergency, humanism can be 
images/000015665.jpg	o Emily. “So forget about the whole idea. Let’s g
images/000015666.jpg	into the river and wasted all the bags of salt 
images/000015667.jpg	y parents, they are so happy to see me do well
images/000015668.jpg	se,because I miss her very much.I want to 
images/000015669.jpg	based advice or set themselves against what the e
images/000015670.jpg	n children and the society, so by contacting 
images/000015671.jpg	lls for us to pay closer attention to our fell
images/000015672.jpg	 be intimidated even though you find others sp
images/000015673.jpg	mping into the hole.”Computers and Modern 
images/000015674.jpg	d to control his temper.Gradually, the number of
images/000015675.jpg	man children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget ab
images/000015676.jpg	with them open, at the same time they must keep
images/000015677.jpg	t walked far when they reached a river o
images/000015678.jpg	children's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young peo
images/000015679.jpg	 much food that he became too big to fit
images/000015680.jpg	ministry came to the king and said that 
images/000015681.jpg	and silent night. The weather was freezing. A gr
images/000015682.jpg	s.Second I will go to my grandma's house,because 
images/000015683.jpg	pinions on the reasons why generation ga
images/000015684.jpg	glish LearnerAlmost all the students need 
images/000015685.jpg	 very stony. He could not tolerate the pain a
images/000015686.jpg	s friends due to anger. He invited all wo
images/000015687.jpg	also has to work. Therefore, I want to h
images/000015688.jpg	stead of the load becoming lighter, it became he
images/000015689.jpg	 before Earth is demolished to make way for 
images/000015690.jpg	ttend English lectures, while some students need
images/000015691.jpg	an you. Participate in all oral activities. T
images/000015692.jpg	one can get into the society and become socia
images/000015693.jpg	 generous to visitors who can drop in on f
images/000015694.jpg	nderful machine. Today it is used a great deal
images/000015695.jpg	ld talk over their problems with each other acti
images/000015696.jpg	as the only son for them. The parents of the 
images/000015697.jpg	ake larger opening for the butterfly and removed
images/000015698.jpg	e and were very stony. He could not tolerat
images/000015699.jpg	well in the exam, I will show my paper to m
images/000015700.jpg	im and requested the countrymen to wear sho
images/000015701.jpg	rfly looked no longer beautiful and had a swolle
images/000015702.jpg	. As they reached the slippery riverbank
images/000015703.jpg	looking for something to eat. He was ver
images/000015704.jpg	 he lost his temper, he ran to the fence and ha
images/000015705.jpg	fly just crawled around with withered wings and h
images/000015706.jpg	r any nail and he did not lose his tempe
images/000015707.jpg	he struggles the butterfly would have emerged 
images/000015708.jpg	in the maintenance of our society. Humanis
images/000015709.jpg	ons. With the rapid progressing of the soc
images/000015710.jpg	midated even though you find others speaking E
images/000015711.jpg	 nails. The fence never look the same! It 
images/000015712.jpg	rfly fly with its beautiful wings.He tho
images/000015713.jpg	ntimidated even though you find others s
images/000015714.jpg	opitious life. However, he had regret.He had
images/000015715.jpg	water from a nearby spring. However, no matter h
images/000015716.jpg	here was nothing the merchant could do, exc
images/000015717.jpg	rflies and had a craze for its wonderful combina
images/000015718.jpg	ting with friends one can get into the societ
images/000015719.jpg	 can just have a piece of leather cut in 
images/000015720.jpg	hat! Words are more painful than physical abus
images/000015721.jpg	ompetition, the price has been marked down over
images/000015722.jpg	 many things that I want to do. For exampi
images/000015723.jpg	ty, computers are now widely applied in almost ev
images/000015724.jpg	inds open to each other's outlooks on the wor
images/000015725.jpg	 on the reasons why generation gap comes in
images/000015726.jpg	 the hole was a package. The hungry fox immediate
images/000015727.jpg	world. He decided to sit over and watch how 
images/000015728.jpg	ced that the bags of salt loaded on his back be
images/000015729.jpg	had a swollen body with small and withered w
images/000015730.jpg	never able to live a life like a butterfl
images/000015731.jpg	sm is a system of beliefs that focuses on c
images/000015732.jpg	r us to pay closer attention to our fellows. Occa
images/000015733.jpg	here he loaded his donkey with more bags
images/000015734.jpg	em. People of distant places were so happy
images/000015735.jpg	ooking for something to eat. He was very hungr
images/000015736.jpg	e my skills.Second I will go to my grandma's 
images/000015737.jpg	ce and hammered a nail. In the next few days, t
images/000015738.jpg	disgusting to them.Both generations should b
images/000015739.jpg	thanks to the decline of cost and the fierc
images/000015740.jpg	ll jion a soccer club,because I like playing soc
images/000015741.jpg	One day, his father gave him a huge bag of nails.
images/000015742.jpg	arty once upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid
images/000015743.jpg	per, he ran to the fence and hammered a nail. I
images/000015744.jpg	into account. These different ideas disturb bo
images/000015745.jpg	one; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronical
images/000015746.jpg	ased advice or set themselves against what the 
images/000015747.jpg	es should talk over their problems with each oth
images/000015748.jpg	 might be food in it, and he became very happy
images/000015749.jpg	home again but re-loaded his donkey with b
images/000015750.jpg	l English learning is perseverance in face of har
images/000015751.jpg	n anger, his friends and neighbours avoided
images/000015752.jpg	fferent ideas disturb both of them. Most 
images/000015753.jpg	here remained a few nails that the boy coul
images/000015754.jpg	hat he spoke in anger, his friends and ne
images/000015755.jpg	the verbal usage. While he forgot what he sp
images/000015756.jpg	an goodness can remind us of the meaning of human
images/000015757.jpg	lained, “brings presents and toys to huma
images/000015758.jpg	laxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeble
images/000015759.jpg	rations. Those who grow up in happy families t
images/000015760.jpg	 to have much time left for animals.”“Do yo
images/000015761.jpg	st. The monkeys were sitting on the same 
images/000015762.jpg	 face of hardship. Don't be intimidated even th
images/000015763.jpg	o-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and total
images/000015764.jpg	nships. Use them to show your heart!”A 
images/000015765.jpg	see me do well in the exam. I want to be happy a
images/000015766.jpg	is anger. Several days passed and the boy was a
images/000015767.jpg	nother idea.The king asked - what was his alt
images/000015768.jpg	nt places were so happy to have a conversation
images/000015769.jpg	e your bad temper and they were hammered on peop
images/000015770.jpg	reatening emergency, humanism can be as 
images/000015771.jpg	nd drink some water from a nearby spring. Howe
images/000015772.jpg	en so much food that he became too big to fit
images/000015773.jpg	 edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Ga
images/000015774.jpg	set on its way. On reaching the river he aga
images/000015775.jpg	el to visit places of historical importance and p
images/000015776.jpg	ing. The people of the kingdom were very ha
images/000015777.jpg	a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based
images/000015778.jpg	t. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he trie
images/000015779.jpg	s, he returned to the palace. He was qui
images/000015780.jpg	hed the slippery riverbank, now deliberately, 
images/000015781.jpg	to get angry very soon and taunt others with hi
images/000015782.jpg	n a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilli
images/000015783.jpg	 eat. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he
images/000015784.jpg	he ButterflyMany of us know that a beaut
images/000015785.jpg	r climbs more than ten times up, indicati
images/000015786.jpg	e. He complained to his ministers that the roads
images/000015787.jpg	ies offer the environment of living, frien
images/000015788.jpg	reflies. One of the young monkeys thought 
images/000015789.jpg	he had controlled his anger. Several days passe
images/000015790.jpg	immediately.The king thought that he had to c
images/000015791.jpg	. It was never able to fly all through its
images/000015792.jpg	he lines of communications with them open, at t
images/000015793.jpg	nd chronically depressed robot; and Veet Vooja
images/000015794.jpg	“The nails were your bad temper and they wer
images/000015795.jpg	n a cave”. The monkeys did not listen to the spar
images/000015796.jpg	including the children. Chinese families tend
images/000015797.jpg	no longer beautiful and had a swollen bo
images/000015798.jpg	leasant characters. If we say that families o
images/000015799.jpg	er any nail and he did not lose his temper!
images/000015800.jpg	riends give them strength and courage. They 
images/000015801.jpg	e revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guid
images/000015802.jpg	from an ugly caterpillar into a beautifu
images/000015803.jpg	ple might feel comfortable, immediately.
images/000015804.jpg	njoy its world. He decided to sit over and watc
images/000015805.jpg	the body convert into wings. Thus, the bod
images/000015806.jpg	terfly. The butterfly had been struggling very h
images/000015807.jpg	s of historical importance and pilgrim centre
images/000015808.jpg	the cocoon to make larger opening for the butterf
images/000015809.jpg	d the society, so by contacting with friends on
images/000015810.jpg	ferent generations. Those who grow up in 
images/000015811.jpg	aking English better than you. Participate in all
images/000015812.jpg	xplained, “brings presents and toys to human ch
images/000015813.jpg	an's actions were the example of humanisti
images/000015814.jpg	 was reduced and the day arrived when no nail w
images/000015815.jpg	 together. They had not walked far when they rea
images/000015816.jpg	ociety, computers are now widely applied 
images/000015817.jpg	humanism. If we treat our fellows with respect an
images/000015818.jpg	s a hungry fox that was looking for somethin
images/000015819.jpg	istant places. He decided to travel by foot
images/000015820.jpg	de the butterfly come out of the cocoon 
images/000015821.jpg	eration gap exists in our daily life, wh
images/000015822.jpg	 and not The WorldLong ago, people happily lived
images/000015823.jpg	o pay closer attention to our fellows. Occ
images/000015824.jpg	 for many years. I guess he is too busy visi
images/000015825.jpg	more, it gives us insights into other cultures an
images/000015826.jpg	ave a conversation with their king and they wer
images/000015827.jpg	 The little boy found it very difficult t
images/000015828.jpg	ends make another important part in shapin
images/000015829.jpg	I will show my paper to my parents, they
images/000015830.jpg	e, shivering in the cold air.“Santa Clau
images/000015831.jpg	fer children warmth, care and shelter, while 
images/000015832.jpg	en I do well in the exam, I will show my pap
images/000015833.jpg	ildren's character. As parents, they should l
images/000015834.jpg	ut so much pressure on myself. One day, my
images/000015835.jpg	tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after con
images/000015836.jpg	ou admit it or not. When it comes to the problem
images/000015837.jpg	d, “he hasn’t been around this part of th
images/000015838.jpg	 almost more than 10 hours with the cocoon and t
images/000015839.jpg	and keeps our minds open to better ways of 
images/000015840.jpg	h. There are two apparent factors which a
images/000015841.jpg	ers with his words. His bad temper made him fal
images/000015842.jpg	e, but the wound will remain there forever. 
images/000015843.jpg	learn English well. In order to improve the abi
images/000015844.jpg	.“You see. Santa Claus is only for human ch
images/000015845.jpg	 minds open to each other's outlooks on the worl
images/000015846.jpg	xam. I want to be happy all the time. But I h
images/000015847.jpg	m the butterfly to come out of its cocoon w
images/000015848.jpg	better your spoken English will be. Nothing i
images/000015849.jpg	used to spend a lot of time around butterf
images/000015850.jpg	 So a household consisting of three generation
images/000015851.jpg	 and they were hammered on people. You can re
images/000015852.jpg	 So a household consisting of three generations 
images/000015853.jpg	a great deal. There is a drastic increase of 
images/000015854.jpg	hear his order as it would destroy the life
images/000015855.jpg	 so family does play an important role in shapi
images/000015856.jpg	 worries for his parents through the verbal usage
images/000015857.jpg	age. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, h
images/000015858.jpg	e to his bad temper. The boy used to get 
images/000015859.jpg	 and keep the lines of communications with them 
images/000015860.jpg	ernative idea. The minister told, ‘Why d
images/000015861.jpg	cluding the children. Chinese families tend to s
images/000015862.jpg	veral days passed and the boy was able to pull o
images/000015863.jpg	ident of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia
images/000015864.jpg	iend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cockta
images/000015865.jpg	 that they don’t care how I do well in the exam, 
images/000015866.jpg	 day, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies 
images/000015867.jpg	tterfly would come out of the cocoon. He w
images/000015868.jpg	who had a passion and love for butterflies de
images/000015869.jpg	 could not find food. Finally he went to the
images/000015870.jpg	ne was born, the first surroundings is t
images/000015871.jpg	 generations gathering around the television in t
images/000015872.jpg	lies offer children warmth, care and shel
images/000015873.jpg	od. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree with 
images/000015874.jpg	the summer holiday, I want to practice more to
images/000015875.jpg	age. While he forgot what he spoke in an
images/000015876.jpg	ld, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy animal c
images/000015877.jpg	ansform from an ugly caterpillar into a beau
images/000015878.jpg	ifferent generations. Those who grow up in happy 
images/000015879.jpg	ite to him?” Emily asked.“I don’t think s
images/000015880.jpg	 the shell for several hours. He spent almost m
images/000015881.jpg	 Dent is plucked off the planet by his friend Fo
images/000015882.jpg	rsty and decided to leave the trunk and 
images/000015883.jpg	ts to us. It makes us do things more quickly. Fu
images/000015884.jpg	ons should be responsible for solving the
images/000015885.jpg	of a life-threatening emergency, humanism can 
images/000015886.jpg	on people. You can remove the nails but still s
images/000015887.jpg	After several weeks, he returned to the palace. 
images/000015888.jpg	y are so happy to see me do well in the exam. I
images/000015889.jpg	ad and upset. He told himself, “I wish that 
images/000015890.jpg	d the food in the tree trunk while he cut d
images/000015891.jpg	in all oral activities. The more you speak,
images/000015892.jpg	 break the shell for several hours. He spent a
images/000015893.jpg	progress. It seemed that the butterfly tri
images/000015894.jpg	to hammer one nail to the fence every time 
images/000015895.jpg	ts to us. It makes us do things more quickly. Fu
images/000015896.jpg	t a lot of benefits to us. It makes us d
images/000015897.jpg	t to kill the holy animal cow to cover the roa
images/000015898.jpg	ed his anger. Several days passed and the boy w
images/000015899.jpg	s for us to pay closer attention to our fell
images/000015900.jpg	e boy did not lose his temper. He told his fathe
images/000015901.jpg	a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that the but
images/000015902.jpg	elius, Monty and I were busy building a s
images/000015903.jpg	epressed due to his bad temper. The boy u
images/000015904.jpg	ause I like playing soccer.During the summe
images/000015905.jpg	king thought that he had to change this for
images/000015906.jpg	ped and fell into the river and noticed that 
images/000015907.jpg	utterfly was trying to make its way to enjoy
images/000015908.jpg	 to learn English well. In order to impr
images/000015909.jpg	fit through the hole.The fox was very sa
images/000015910.jpg	iety, computers are now widely applied in almos
images/000015911.jpg	terials, which can also help accumulate and 
images/000015912.jpg	 Be a Successful English LearnerAlmost all th
images/000015913.jpg	elp the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors an
images/000015914.jpg	m the butterfly to come out of its cocoon wo
images/000015915.jpg	he boy was able to pull out most of the nails fr
images/000015916.jpg	controlled his anger. Several days passed and
images/000015917.jpg	es and had a craze for its wonderful combina
images/000015918.jpg	river and noticed that the bags of salt loaded o
images/000015919.jpg	vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making
images/000015920.jpg	nds open to better ways of seeing things. Co
images/000015921.jpg	worries for his parents through the verbal us
images/000015922.jpg	her for the revised edition of The Hitchhiker's
images/000015923.jpg	reezing. A group of monkeys were on a tree. 
images/000015924.jpg	o much pressure on myself. One day, my pare
images/000015925.jpg	s friendly, welcoming, and generous to vi
images/000015926.jpg	ents are children's first teachers, so fami
images/000015927.jpg	is plucked off the planet by his friend Ford 
images/000015928.jpg	y much worried about the people who used
images/000015929.jpg	 Parents are children's first teachers, so f
images/000015930.jpg	e fence was reduced to half. The little boy foun
images/000015931.jpg	u admit it or not. When it comes to the problem o
images/000015932.jpg	 get the sufficient quantity of leather an
images/000015933.jpg	ren to understand the world as it is, so they ar
images/000015934.jpg	hard he tried, he could not get out of the hole.
images/000015935.jpg	rmth, care and shelter, while friends give them
images/000015936.jpg	eys said, “I wish we could find some fire
images/000015937.jpg	rip by foot to longer distance. He complained to 
images/000015938.jpg	ved under the rule of a king. The people of th
images/000015939.jpg	. A group of monkeys were on a tree. They were
images/000015940.jpg	thought a little before jumping into the hole.”
images/000015941.jpg	d. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree 
images/000015942.jpg	pent almost more than 10 hours with the 
images/000015943.jpg	ide the hole was a package. The hungry fox immedi
images/000015944.jpg	 Unfortunately, all their attempts failed. Fin
images/000015945.jpg	bility of English reading comprehension, one shou
images/000015946.jpg	 the cocoon to make larger opening for the
images/000015947.jpg	e boy found it very difficult to hammer the 
images/000015948.jpg	n the event of a life-threatening emerge
images/000015949.jpg	 nails drove him to hammer in the fence fo
images/000015950.jpg	 their harmony and unity. Each member of the 
images/000015951.jpg	 seemed that the butterfly tried its best a
images/000015952.jpg	er to improve the ability of English readin
images/000015953.jpg	mes from an unappealing worm! Here is the story
images/000015954.jpg	 need. The young man's actions were the example o
images/000015955.jpg	d, “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, 
images/000015956.jpg	her and it would cost a huge amount of mone
images/000015957.jpg	ults MostCountless factors may influence a 
images/000015958.jpg	 The father appreciated him and asked him pointi
images/000015959.jpg	s of human goodness can remind us of the 
images/000015960.jpg	the butterfly just crawled around with wi
images/000015961.jpg	ands of cows to get the sufficient quant
images/000015962.jpg	more to improve my skills.Second I will go to my 
images/000015963.jpg	te in all oral activities. The more you s
images/000015964.jpg	sting to them.Both generations should be res
images/000015965.jpg	ail. In the next few days, the number of n
images/000015966.jpg	akes.In short, the most essential quality for su
images/000015967.jpg	ole in shaping children's character. As parents, 
images/000015968.jpg	it or not. When it comes to the problem of gener
images/000015969.jpg	 laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a 
images/000015970.jpg	y as they had a very prosperous life with abunda
images/000015971.jpg	s more than ten times up, indicating computers ar
images/000015972.jpg	e butterfly. The butterfly had been strug
images/000015973.jpg	ge. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, hi
images/000015974.jpg	 way. On reaching the river he again fell 
images/000015975.jpg	so that many people can afford their own p
images/000015976.jpg	n friends. The household is always friendly, w
images/000015977.jpg	!Unfortunately, the butterfly looked no lo
images/000015978.jpg	s should have some ideal qualities to succeed in 
images/000015979.jpg	f living, friends make another important part 
images/000015980.jpg	imal cow to cover the road with leather? Rather,
images/000015981.jpg	 saw there were a lot of food, bread, meat
images/000015982.jpg	f the nails from the fence. However, there rema
images/000015983.jpg	beautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded 
images/000015984.jpg	e returned to the palace. He was quite happy 
images/000015985.jpg	lity. Friends are the connections between childre
images/000015986.jpg	s open to better ways of seeing things. Com
images/000015987.jpg	 go on a travel to visit places of historical i
images/000015988.jpg	ng from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours.
images/000015989.jpg	erate the pain as he walked all the way t
images/000015990.jpg	rnals and attend English lectures, while some
images/000015991.jpg	d. The young man's actions were the example of
images/000015992.jpg	aded, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-l
images/000015993.jpg	 household duties, including the children.
images/000015994.jpg	 He was watching the butterfly struggling to bre
images/000015995.jpg	rent generations. Those who grow up in happy fami
images/000015996.jpg	y tired. Now they realized what the spar
images/000015997.jpg	tening emergency, humanism can be as impor
images/000015998.jpg	! Words are more painful than physical abuse!
images/000015999.jpg	id progressing of the society, computers
images/000016000.jpg	 to be happy all the time. But I have put s
images/000016001.jpg	 don’t want to undergo any struggle, we won
images/000016002.jpg	better than you. Participate in all oral activiti
images/000016003.jpg	d tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening fo
images/000016004.jpg	to transform from an ugly caterpillar into 
images/000016005.jpg	placed the food in the tree trunk while he 
images/000016006.jpg	to the fence was reduced and the day arrived when
images/000016007.jpg	don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen hi
images/000016008.jpg	 a butterfly that was never able to live a lif
images/000016009.jpg	 get access to a lot of reading materials,
images/000016010.jpg	hen I do well in the exam, I will show my pa
images/000016011.jpg	there were a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit 
images/000016012.jpg	 by his suggestionand applauded the ministe
images/000016013.jpg	he same! It has scars all over! You can s
images/000016014.jpg	rs with his words. His bad temper made him fa
images/000016015.jpg	 things more quickly. Further more, it gives 
images/000016016.jpg	us life with abundance of wealth and no misfort
images/000016017.jpg	ever, no matter how hard he tried, he coul
images/000016018.jpg	t it was fire.He caught a firefly. He put i
images/000016019.jpg	dren's personality. Friends are the connections b
images/000016020.jpg	unch president of the galaxy; Trillian (for
images/000016021.jpg	 of cows to get the sufficient quantity of leat
images/000016022.jpg	at. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he t
images/000016023.jpg	aThe members in a Chinese family are respecti
images/000016024.jpg	 to come out of its cocoon would let the 
images/000016025.jpg	 Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-arme
images/000016026.jpg	She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a fi
images/000016027.jpg	iful spring morning, a merchant loaded his d
images/000016028.jpg	eys were sitting on the same tree. She noti
images/000016029.jpg	urned out Emily also didn’t know much about Chri
images/000016030.jpg	e to anger. He invited all worries for his pare
images/000016031.jpg	ortant part in shaping children's personality. Fr
images/000016032.jpg	onsoled him in many ways to give up his anger an
images/000016033.jpg	vel to visit places of historical importance and 
images/000016034.jpg	ve the nails but still see the holes in 
images/000016035.jpg	e household is always friendly, welcoming, a
images/000016036.jpg	new how a butterfly would struggle to transform
images/000016037.jpg	mained a few nails that the boy could not p
images/000016038.jpg	ther so that people might feel comfortable,
images/000016039.jpg	became angry and to lose his temper. The l
images/000016040.jpg	rce market competition, the price has been
images/000016041.jpg	bination of colours. In fact, he used to spend a
images/000016042.jpg	dren's personality. Friends are the connections
images/000016043.jpg	 spring. However, no matter how hard he tried, h
images/000016044.jpg	c behavior. In the event of a life-threatening 
images/000016045.jpg	 few nails that the boy could not pull out.
images/000016046.jpg	er about the same.  The father appreciated
images/000016047.jpg	for different purposes. Some students need i
images/000016048.jpg	rom a nearby spring. However, no matter how hard
images/000016049.jpg	the number of nails hammered on the fence was 
images/000016050.jpg	ly son for them. The parents of the little b
images/000016051.jpg	more painful than physical abuse! Use words f
images/000016052.jpg	me, she also has to work. Therefore, I wa
images/000016053.jpg	ies' family. In China, children live with
images/000016054.jpg	he road of the whole country with leather so
images/000016055.jpg	a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had a craz
images/000016056.jpg	 had been struggling very hard for hours to com
images/000016057.jpg	 friends. The household is always friend
images/000016058.jpg	d it very difficult to hammer the nails and decid
images/000016059.jpg	nd he became very happy. He jumped into th
images/000016060.jpg	ho used to walk along those roads as it w
images/000016061.jpg	coon without any more struggles. He continued to
images/000016062.jpg	e boy was able to pull out most of the nails fr
images/000016063.jpg	im fall for angry words. He scolded kids, neighb
images/000016064.jpg	ld duties, including the children. Chinese famil
images/000016065.jpg	e his fellow people leading a propitious life. H
images/000016066.jpg	 journey through space aided by a galaxy
images/000016067.jpg	he body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expa
images/000016068.jpg	eek, ranging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 ho
images/000016069.jpg	 the day arrived when no nail was hammered!
images/000016070.jpg	 not listen to the sparrow. They continued
images/000016071.jpg	f salt loaded on his back became lighter
images/000016072.jpg	ts into other cultures and keeps our minds open t
images/000016073.jpg	he body convert into wings. Thus, the body would
images/000016074.jpg	er.During the summer holiday, I want to practi
images/000016075.jpg	a lot of benefits to us. It makes us do thin
images/000016076.jpg	ppy that he made the butterfly come out of the
images/000016077.jpg	mper. He told his father that it was several da
images/000016078.jpg	 remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged w
images/000016079.jpg	cannot pull out a few nails. The fence neve
images/000016080.jpg	d all the bags of salt on its back again
images/000016081.jpg	ight be food in it, and he became very h
images/000016082.jpg	n English well. In order to improve the ability 
images/000016083.jpg	ow deliberately, the donkey fell into the r
images/000016084.jpg	l grow up. Parents are children's first teache
images/000016085.jpg	row came flying to its nest. The monkeys were si
images/000016086.jpg	ms.There are many examples that demonstr
images/000016087.jpg	ers.The computer has brought a lot of bene
images/000016088.jpg	e his temper. He told his father that it
images/000016089.jpg	rning, a merchant loaded his donkey with bags 
images/000016090.jpg	am going to do many things that I want to do. 
images/000016091.jpg	o break the shell for several hours. He sp
images/000016092.jpg	nerations should be responsible for solving the p
images/000016093.jpg	t keep in mind that different things appea
images/000016094.jpg	 from a nearby spring. However, no matter ho
images/000016095.jpg	icient quantity of leather and it would cost 
images/000016096.jpg	t to interact with his people and accompany them.
images/000016097.jpg	galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMilla
images/000016098.jpg	sn’t know much about our winters.”It tu
images/000016099.jpg	old.”Change Yourself and not The WorldL
images/000016100.jpg	 another idea.The king asked - what was his
images/000016101.jpg	eel comfortable, immediately.The king th
images/000016102.jpg	n computers per week, ranging from about 1.5 ho
images/000016103.jpg	the rule of a king. The people of the ki
images/000016104.jpg	, neighbours and even his friends due to anger. H
images/000016105.jpg	e trunk while he cut down trees in the fo
images/000016106.jpg	lanet by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher f
images/000016107.jpg	hildren live with their parents even after the
images/000016108.jpg	English-speakers, attend seminars, write le
images/000016109.jpg	g. It meant that the butterfly was trying to make
images/000016110.jpg	fort from the butterfly to come out of its
images/000016111.jpg	s father about the same.  The father appreciat
images/000016112.jpg	 hasn’t been around this part of the forest f
images/000016113.jpg	s are more painful than physical abuse! Use 
images/000016114.jpg	ations should be responsible for solving 
images/000016115.jpg	's ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Pa
images/000016116.jpg	t characters. If we say that families offe
images/000016117.jpg	ere was no progress. It seemed that the bu
images/000016118.jpg	courage. They both help children to understand
images/000016119.jpg	st for many years. I guess he is too busy v
images/000016120.jpg	ooks or jonrnals and attend English lectures, 
images/000016121.jpg	his phenomenon? As far as I know, it involv
images/000016122.jpg	erent things appeal to different generation
images/000016123.jpg	s, the number of nails hammered on the fence was
images/000016124.jpg	 his friends and neighbours avoided him.His mot
images/000016125.jpg	e words for good. Use them to embrace the rel
images/000016126.jpg	ied about the people who used to walk along 
images/000016127.jpg	n Generation GapGeneration gap exists in our d
images/000016128.jpg	 told his father about the same.  The father app
images/000016129.jpg	d his donkey were walking along together. They ha
images/000016130.jpg	ter, it became heavier.Cocoon and the Butt
images/000016131.jpg	d his father about the same.  The father appr
images/000016132.jpg	and he was quite eager to watch the butterfly
images/000016133.jpg	ld man in time of need. The young man's a
images/000016134.jpg	ding comprehension, one should get access to a 
images/000016135.jpg	tention to our fellows. Occasional exampl
images/000016136.jpg	 are playing a more and more important role i
images/000016137.jpg	ter. As parents, they should learn to understan
images/000016138.jpg	oblem. As long as both sides keep their 
images/000016139.jpg	ry soon and taunt others with his words. His b
images/000016140.jpg	ided to sit over and watch how the butter
images/000016141.jpg	could find some fire. It will help us to ke
images/000016142.jpg	ocoon with tiny opening. It meant that the b
images/000016143.jpg	 want to practice more to improve my skills.Se
images/000016144.jpg	ny and unity. Each member of the family contri
images/000016145.jpg	m. If we treat our fellows with respect and toler
images/000016146.jpg	nt pens he's bought over the years.Where are th
images/000016147.jpg	umanism makes the world a more beautiful 
images/000016148.jpg	, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically
images/000016149.jpg	Young people either turn a deaf ear to the e
images/000016150.jpg	re so happy to have a conversation with thei
images/000016151.jpg	ed in English learning. It requires much time
images/000016152.jpg	entertain friends. The household is always fri
images/000016153.jpg	widely applied in almost every field of our 
images/000016154.jpg	hed to make way for a galactic freeway, Ar
images/000016155.jpg	pirit of humanism is apparent in the story of
images/000016156.jpg	 would let the fluid stored in the body conve
images/000016157.jpg	ld man in time of need. The young man's actions w
images/000016158.jpg	 families offer children warmth, care and shelter
images/000016159.jpg	Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around t
images/000016160.jpg	. Some students need it to read English textbook
images/000016161.jpg	ger were like that! Words are more painful t
images/000016162.jpg	. He complained to his ministers that the r
images/000016163.jpg	 a person's growth. There are two apparent
images/000016164.jpg	oon with tiny opening. It meant that the but
images/000016165.jpg	ling to break the shell for several hours. He spe
images/000016166.jpg	ed a helping hand to the old man in time o
images/000016167.jpg	 kill the holy animal cow to cover the ro
images/000016168.jpg	e the holes in the fence. Again, you can
images/000016169.jpg	a flock of fireflies. One of the young monkeys t
images/000016170.jpg	 eaten so much food that he became too big to
images/000016171.jpg	tony. He could not tolerate the pain as 
images/000016172.jpg	. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he t
images/000016173.jpg	usands of cows to get the sufficient quantity
images/000016174.jpg	ays an important role in the maintenance of
images/000016175.jpg	 emerged like any other beautiful butterflies
images/000016176.jpg	to a lot of reading materials, which can
images/000016177.jpg	tired when I was go to school. Except for taking
images/000016178.jpg	's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last
images/000016179.jpg	ilarious and accepted to do what his father sa
images/000016180.jpg	 take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not li
images/000016181.jpg	or several hours, there was no progress. It seeme
images/000016182.jpg	ow much about Christmas.”Who is Santa Clau
images/000016183.jpg	ly emerged without any struggle!Unfortunat
images/000016184.jpg	demonstrate humanism. The spirit of huma
images/000016185.jpg	. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to k
images/000016186.jpg	glish textbooks or jonrnals and attend English 
images/000016187.jpg	that it was several days that he did not
images/000016188.jpg	turned home again but re-loaded his donkey with
images/000016189.jpg	anches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we c
images/000016190.jpg	 why generation gap comes into being. Some th
images/000016191.jpg	s keen on are disgusting to them.Both gener
images/000016192.jpg	ore, it gives us insights into other cultures an
images/000016193.jpg	mper. He told his father that it was sever
images/000016194.jpg	ents through the verbal usage. While he 
images/000016195.jpg	nt and his donkey were walking along together. 
images/000016196.jpg	uded the minister. He ordered for a pair of
images/000016197.jpg	 extended a helping hand to the old man i
images/000016198.jpg	out-to-lunch president of the galaxy; Trillia
images/000016199.jpg	ast I will help my mother do some housework
images/000016200.jpg	ts nest. The monkeys were sitting on the sam
images/000016201.jpg	s house,because I miss her very much.I w
images/000016202.jpg	his bad temper. The boy used to get angry very s
images/000016203.jpg	. As they reached the slippery riverbank, now de
images/000016204.jpg	verance in face of hardship. Don't be intimidat
images/000016205.jpg	a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based adv
images/000016206.jpg	 families offer the environment of living, f
images/000016207.jpg	ne day, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies 
images/000016208.jpg	ading materials, which can also help accumulate 
images/000016209.jpg	en Fritz appeared with his little niece Emil
images/000016210.jpg	hristmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were bu
images/000016211.jpg	ads weren’t comfortable and were very st
images/000016212.jpg	en though you find others speaking English bett
images/000016213.jpg	owth. One is family, and the other is frien
images/000016214.jpg	 intimidated even though you find others speaking
images/000016215.jpg	d learn to understand their children and
images/000016216.jpg	 his father that it was several days that h
images/000016217.jpg	g of the society, computers are now wide
images/000016218.jpg	e butterfly struggling to break the shell for 
images/000016219.jpg	th several generations gathering around the t
images/000016220.jpg	ld woodcutter had placed the food in the tr
images/000016221.jpg	ow that a beautiful and colourful butterfl
images/000016222.jpg	ents to animal children?” Emily asked.Short
images/000016223.jpg	ed in English learning. It requires much time
images/000016224.jpg	 woodcutter had placed the food in the tree tru
images/000016225.jpg	u know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food
images/000016226.jpg	 and tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening
images/000016227.jpg	om about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. Th
images/000016228.jpg	exampie,first I will jion a soccer club,becaus
images/000016229.jpg	olourful butterfly comes from an unappea
images/000016230.jpg	 want to practice more to improve my ski
images/000016231.jpg	iends give them strength and courage. They bot
images/000016232.jpg	ber of nails hammered on the fence was re
images/000016233.jpg	liday, I want to practice more to improv
images/000016234.jpg	ow I do well in the exam, they just want me
images/000016235.jpg	avor of their children's hairstyle and weird
images/000016236.jpg	growth. One is family, and the other is fri
images/000016237.jpg	 daily life, whether you admit it or not. Whe
images/000016238.jpg	the road of the whole country with leather
images/000016239.jpg	eaf ear to the elders' experience-based advice or
images/000016240.jpg	rning is perseverance in face of hardship. Don'
images/000016241.jpg	ve”. The monkeys did not listen to the spa
images/000016242.jpg	he little boy found it very difficult to hammer 
images/000016243.jpg	.“Santa Claus,” I explained, “brings presents
images/000016244.jpg	ol. Except for taking care of me, she also 
images/000016245.jpg	Let’s go home now before you catch a cold.”Ch
images/000016246.jpg	l into the river and noticed that the bags o
images/000016247.jpg	es for him and requested the countrymen to wear s
images/000016248.jpg	me too big to fit through the hole.The fox was v
images/000016249.jpg	 family gathers together to celebrate holiday
images/000016250.jpg	world humanism plays an important role i
images/000016251.jpg	ence-based advice or set themselves again
images/000016252.jpg	d he was very much worried about the people
images/000016253.jpg	 get married. So a household consisting of three
images/000016254.jpg	the family in which he will grow up. Parents 
images/000016255.jpg	I was go to school. Except for taking care of m
images/000016256.jpg	a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that th
images/000016257.jpg	ad.“You see. Santa Claus is only for human
images/000016258.jpg	 man in time of need. The young man's ac
images/000016259.jpg	e hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eate
images/000016260.jpg	d him to remove the nails every day as he ha
images/000016261.jpg	 better your spoken English will be. Nothin
images/000016262.jpg	o make larger opening for the butterfly 
images/000016263.jpg	lity for successful English learning is p
images/000016264.jpg	 to our fellows. Occasional examples of h
images/000016265.jpg	of their harmony and unity. Each member of the fa
images/000016266.jpg	lves against what the elders have been pr
images/000016267.jpg	ety, computers are now widely applied in a
images/000016268.jpg	other monkeys also joined in his effort.A sparro
images/000016269.jpg	 order to sell them. The merchant and his 
images/000016270.jpg	n't be intimidated even though you find ot
images/000016271.jpg	 were so happy to have a conversation wi
images/000016272.jpg	tyle and weird clothes. Young people eith
images/000016273.jpg	matter how hard he tried, he could not g
images/000016274.jpg	ch member of the family contributes to h
images/000016275.jpg	ety, so by contacting with friends one ca
images/000016276.jpg	y life, whether you admit it or not. When it 
images/000016277.jpg	, children live with their parents even after t
images/000016278.jpg	ing all the human children to have much ti
images/000016279.jpg	 Now they realized what the sparrow had s
images/000016280.jpg	olourful butterfly comes from an unappeal
images/000016281.jpg	b,because I like playing soccer.During the summe
images/000016282.jpg	reduced and the day arrived when no nail
images/000016283.jpg	ls for us to pay closer attention to our fel
images/000016284.jpg	ergency, humanism can be as important as
images/000016285.jpg	n his friends due to anger. He invited al
images/000016286.jpg	 all the human children to have much time left fo
images/000016287.jpg	ced the food in the tree trunk while he cut
images/000016288.jpg	hole country with leather so that people might f
images/000016289.jpg	 of historical importance and pilgrim centres a
images/000016290.jpg	eart!”A Merchant and his DonkeyShort Stori
images/000016291.jpg	 hammered a nail. In the next few days, t
images/000016292.jpg	more painful than physical abuse! Use words f
images/000016293.jpg	e happy all the time. But I have put so much pre
images/000016294.jpg	axy who, for the last fifteen years, has bee
images/000016295.jpg	 humanistic behavior. In the event of a life-thr
images/000016296.jpg	ust want me to be happy. I know I should
images/000016297.jpg	people's ideas are not cut from the same
images/000016298.jpg	boy was able to pull out most of the nails fro
images/000016299.jpg	r of nails hammered to the fence was reduced 
images/000016300.jpg	 to read English textbooks or jonrnals and atte
images/000016301.jpg	he also has to work. Therefore, I want to h
images/000016302.jpg	 cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly h
images/000016303.jpg	e boy lived with his father and mother. He was th
images/000016304.jpg	asant characters. If we say that families offe
images/000016305.jpg	e fence was reduced and the day arrived wh
images/000016306.jpg	 with abundance of wealth and no misfortunes.
images/000016307.jpg	 scolded kids, neighbours and even his fri
images/000016308.jpg	, she also has to work. Therefore, I want t
images/000016309.jpg	of humanism is apparent in the story of "T
images/000016310.jpg	to his bad temper. The boy used to get angry
images/000016311.jpg	 It meant that the butterfly was trying 
images/000016312.jpg	ed world humanism plays an important role in the
images/000016313.jpg	he sparrow. They continued to blow at our poor
images/000016314.jpg	orest for many years. I guess he is too bu
images/000016315.jpg	oon without any more struggles. He continued 
images/000016316.jpg	es against what the elders have been proud of.Pe
images/000016317.jpg	 and fell into the river and noticed that the b
images/000016318.jpg	 He continued to watch the butterfly and he wa
images/000016319.jpg	with friends one can get into the society and
images/000016320.jpg	ory of a butterfly that was never able to live a 
images/000016321.jpg	me where he loaded his donkey with more bags of s
images/000016322.jpg	while, thanks to the decline of cost and the fier
images/000016323.jpg	eciated him and asked him pointing to the hole
images/000016324.jpg	per and they were hammered on people. You can
images/000016325.jpg	and chronically depressed robot; and Veet Vooj
images/000016326.jpg	ts way. On reaching the river he again f
images/000016327.jpg	ppeared with his little niece Emily and introduce
images/000016328.jpg	 things appeal to different generations. Those
images/000016329.jpg	yOne beautiful spring morning, a merchant loade
images/000016330.jpg	uding the children. Chinese families tend to so
images/000016331.jpg	ct with his people and accompany them. Pe
images/000016332.jpg	pie and totally out-to-lunch president of the gal
images/000016333.jpg	he trunk and drink some water from a nearby sp
images/000016334.jpg	t taken into account. These different ideas 
images/000016335.jpg	is suggestionand applauded the minister. 
images/000016336.jpg	k the same! It has scars all over! You can stab
images/000016337.jpg	. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we could fi
images/000016338.jpg	under a dry leaf and started blowing at it.S
images/000016339.jpg	ished eating, he felt thirsty and decide
images/000016340.jpg	 make another important part in shaping ch
images/000016341.jpg	 scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make larger o
images/000016342.jpg	her have I,” Harry added, shaking his head.“Yo
images/000016343.jpg	ink some water from a nearby spring. However, no
images/000016344.jpg	 talk to English-speakers, attend seminars, wri
images/000016345.jpg	He invited all worries for his parents thr
images/000016346.jpg	ome again but re-loaded his donkey with bags of s
images/000016347.jpg	s the only son for them. The parents of the litt
images/000016348.jpg	ess. It seemed that the butterfly tried its best
images/000016349.jpg	wled around with withered wings and huge bo
images/000016350.jpg	eather cut in appropriate shape to cover
images/000016351.jpg	ees in the forest. He was going to eat i
images/000016352.jpg	chronically depressed robot; and Veet Vo
images/000016353.jpg	ngdom were very happy as they had a very prosp
images/000016354.jpg	 set on its way. On reaching the river he 
images/000016355.jpg	ey reached the slippery riverbank, now deliberate
images/000016356.jpg	ety, so by contacting with friends one can ge
images/000016357.jpg	nger. He invited all worries for his paren
images/000016358.jpg	pening for the butterfly and removed the rema
images/000016359.jpg	in the maintenance of our society. Humanism c
images/000016360.jpg	ick up at a cocktail party once upon a time zone
images/000016361.jpg	 my parents, they are so happy to see me do well 
images/000016362.jpg	As they reached the slippery riverbank, n
images/000016363.jpg	usehold consisting of three generations is 
images/000016364.jpg	 he did not hammer any nail and he did not
images/000016365.jpg	side the hole was a package. The hungry fox imme
images/000016366.jpg	t lose his temper. He told his father tha
images/000016367.jpg	nts need English and they need it for different 
images/000016368.jpg	busy building a snowman when Fritz appear
images/000016369.jpg	her gave him a huge bag of nails. He aske
images/000016370.jpg	mmer the nails and decided to control his temper
images/000016371.jpg	exam. I want to be happy all the time. But I 
images/000016372.jpg	he butterfly and he was quite eager to watch the 
images/000016373.jpg	also help accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary
images/000016374.jpg	e shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not li
images/000016375.jpg	mputers and Modern LifeThe computer is a wonde
images/000016376.jpg	break the shell for several hours. He spent almos
images/000016377.jpg	e relationships. Use them to show your hea
images/000016378.jpg	came to the king and said that he had another
images/000016379.jpg	two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally o
images/000016380.jpg	in set on its way. On reaching the river he ag
images/000016381.jpg	h we could find some fire. It will help 
images/000016382.jpg	lity. Friends are the connections between chil
images/000016383.jpg	n the story of "The Right Son at the Right Ti
images/000016384.jpg	Humanism calls for us to pay closer attent
images/000016385.jpg	teen years, has been posing as an out-of-wo
images/000016386.jpg	 market in order to sell them. The merchant an
images/000016387.jpg	 speak, the better your spoken English wil
images/000016388.jpg	rs to about 19 hours. The number climbs more tha
images/000016389.jpg	o, for the last fifteen years, has been posi
images/000016390.jpg	parrow came flying to its nest. The monkeys 
images/000016391.jpg	 “So forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home 
images/000016392.jpg	 the butterfly looked no longer beautiful an
images/000016393.jpg	sufficient quantity of leather and it woul
images/000016394.jpg	and large.If we don’t want to undergo any s
images/000016395.jpg	 into the river and noticed that the bags of sal
images/000016396.jpg	 daily life, whether you admit it or not. Whe
images/000016397.jpg	e again fell into the water. But instead of the
images/000016398.jpg	could support the body.  Unfortunately, 
images/000016399.jpg	o by contacting with friends one can get into the
images/000016400.jpg	 presents and toys to human children at Christma
images/000016401.jpg	est. The monkeys were sitting on the same tr
images/000016402.jpg	Neither have I,” Harry added, shaking his 
images/000016403.jpg	and he did not lose his temper!Now, his f
images/000016404.jpg	night. The weather was freezing. A group o
images/000016405.jpg	ining cocoon. The butterfly emerged without any
images/000016406.jpg	terfly fly with its beautiful wings.He tho
images/000016407.jpg	en them will be narrowed down in time. Both 
images/000016408.jpg	e. Today it is used a great deal. There is 
images/000016409.jpg	hrough the hole.The fox was very sad and 
images/000016410.jpg	 young generation is keen on are disgusting 
images/000016411.jpg	seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t k
images/000016412.jpg	s his alternative idea. The minister tol
images/000016413.jpg	price has been marked down over and over again 
images/000016414.jpg	aded, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-
images/000016415.jpg	pe to cover your feet?’The king was very mu
images/000016416.jpg	 be in favor of their children's hairstyl
images/000016417.jpg	as several days that he did not hammer any nai
images/000016418.jpg	ence was reduced to half. The little boy found
images/000016419.jpg	her beautiful butterflies! The continuous effort 
images/000016420.jpg	” I said, “he hasn’t been around this par
images/000016421.jpg	Parents are children's first teachers, so famil
images/000016422.jpg	d kids, neighbours and even his friends due to
images/000016423.jpg	 salt on its back again.The merchant qu
images/000016424.jpg	 that young generation is keen on are disgusting
images/000016425.jpg	ents may not be in favor of their children's
images/000016426.jpg	oy used to get angry very soon and taunt
images/000016427.jpg	le and weird clothes. Young people either turn a
images/000016428.jpg	alt to go to the market in order to sell them. Th
images/000016429.jpg	 silly monkeys that is a firefly, not real fire”.
images/000016430.jpg	 world, the gap between them will be narrowe
images/000016431.jpg	 every time he became angry and to lose his t
images/000016432.jpg	 I will jion a soccer club,because I lik
images/000016433.jpg	The foolish, tricky donkey again set on i
images/000016434.jpg	boy found it very difficult to hammer the nails 
images/000016435.jpg	for several days.Last I will help my mot
images/000016436.jpg	 interact with his people and accompany them. Peo
images/000016437.jpg	 cow to cover the road with leather? Rathe
images/000016438.jpg	nta Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in 
images/000016439.jpg	ry happy. He jumped into the hole and when 
images/000016440.jpg	g new. Their voices are not taken into account.
images/000016441.jpg	n drop in on friends and relatives without previo
images/000016442.jpg	orld, the gap between them will be narrowed dow
images/000016443.jpg	ant to be happy all the time. But I have put so m
images/000016444.jpg	ours to come out through the tiny opening. Un
images/000016445.jpg	 quite eager to watch the butterfly fly 
images/000016446.jpg	en Fritz appeared with his little niece 
images/000016447.jpg	ommon human needs and seeks rational ways o
images/000016448.jpg	ns why generation gap comes into being. 
images/000016449.jpg	pped and fell into the river and noticed that t
images/000016450.jpg	several hours, there was no progress. It
images/000016451.jpg	ery much.I want to stay with her for several days
images/000016452.jpg	ufficient quantity of leather and it would 
images/000016453.jpg	told himself, “I wish that I had thought
images/000016454.jpg	cluding the children. Chinese families te
images/000016455.jpg	felt thirsty and decided to leave the trunk an
images/000016456.jpg	eir parents even after they get married.
images/000016457.jpg	, I will show my paper to my parents, the
images/000016458.jpg	essed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former 
images/000016459.jpg	ho had a passion and love for butterflie
images/000016460.jpg	The sparrow continued: “I think all of you s
images/000016461.jpg	ould become lighter and smaller and the wings w
images/000016462.jpg	r fellows. Occasional examples of human go
images/000016463.jpg	“Does he also bring presents to animal c
images/000016464.jpg	t young generation is keen on are disgustin
images/000016465.jpg	ers have been proud of.People have diffe
images/000016466.jpg	ortunately, the donkey slipped and fell into
images/000016467.jpg	ld the boy, “The nails were your bad temp
images/000016468.jpg	rought a lot of benefits to us. It makes u
images/000016469.jpg	to the hole.”Computers and Modern LifeTh
images/000016470.jpg	cut from the same cloth. Parents may not be in f
images/000016471.jpg	our fellows. Occasional examples of human g
images/000016472.jpg	ily also didn’t know much about Christmas.”W
images/000016473.jpg	 once upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoi
images/000016474.jpg	t places. He decided to travel by foot to
images/000016475.jpg	other do some housework. She was really tired
images/000016476.jpg	up in happy families tend to have many pleasant
images/000016477.jpg	he exam, they just want me to be happy. I k
images/000016478.jpg	 could not find food. Finally he went to th
images/000016479.jpg	eat deal. There is a drastic increase of th
images/000016480.jpg	me.  The father appreciated him and asked him
images/000016481.jpg	er again so that many people can afford thei
images/000016482.jpg	ch other actively, sincerely and frankly.Wh
images/000016483.jpg	hen making some embarrassing mistakes.In shor
images/000016484.jpg	y just crawled around with withered wings a
images/000016485.jpg	 decided to help the butterfly. He got a 
images/000016486.jpg	it is used a great deal. There is a drasti
images/000016487.jpg	on its way. On reaching the river he again f
images/000016488.jpg	 break the shell for several hours. He spent alm
images/000016489.jpg	ammered on the fence was reduced to half. The li
images/000016490.jpg	nt could do, except return home where he loaded h
images/000016491.jpg	as two days before Christmas. Harry, Corne
images/000016492.jpg	erce market competition, the price has been marke
images/000016493.jpg	 same.  The father appreciated him and aske
images/000016494.jpg	her for several days.Last I will help my m
images/000016495.jpg	ery soon and taunt others with his words. His ba
images/000016496.jpg	in almost every field of our life. Meanwhile, 
images/000016497.jpg	ided to control his temper.Gradually, the
images/000016498.jpg	 watch the butterfly and he was quite eager to
images/000016499.jpg	s father told him to remove the nails eve
images/000016500.jpg	 better than you. Participate in all oral a
images/000016501.jpg	pressed due to his bad temper. The boy u
images/000016502.jpg	merchant could do, except return home whe
images/000016503.jpg	 am going to do many things that I want to do. 
images/000016504.jpg	stored in the body convert into wings. Thus, the 
images/000016505.jpg	the market in order to sell them. The merc
images/000016506.jpg	of thousands of cows to get the sufficient qua
images/000016507.jpg	nd more important role in modern life.What has 
images/000016508.jpg	s together to celebrate holidays and entertain 
images/000016509.jpg	amilies are proud of their harmony and unity. Eac
images/000016510.jpg	nd colourful butterfly comes from an unap
images/000016511.jpg	 off the planet by his friend Ford Prefect
images/000016512.jpg	though the man did it with good intention, onl
images/000016513.jpg	s are not cut from the same cloth. Parents m
images/000016514.jpg	nger. Several days passed and the boy was a
images/000016515.jpg	monkeys were on a tree. They were clinging 
images/000016516.jpg	ent things appeal to different generation
images/000016517.jpg	 to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it
images/000016518.jpg	should relax myself and be happy.A Hole in th
images/000016519.jpg	ger and develop kindness. Unfortunately,
images/000016520.jpg	anger. He invited all worries for his pare
images/000016521.jpg	ce and hammered a nail. In the next few days, th
images/000016522.jpg	e-loaded his donkey with bags of sponges
images/000016523.jpg	ry prosperous life with abundance of wea
images/000016524.jpg	drop in on friends and relatives without previ
images/000016525.jpg	ke any other beautiful butterflies! The continuo
images/000016526.jpg	sed edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to t
images/000016527.jpg	with tiny opening. It meant that the butterfly wa
images/000016528.jpg	 are respectively more than in other coun
images/000016529.jpg	 became angry and to lose his temper. The l
images/000016530.jpg	 pointing to the hole, ‘What do you see there?’
images/000016531.jpg	 to cover the road with leather? Rather, 
images/000016532.jpg	 that a beautiful and colourful butterfl
images/000016533.jpg	 its way to enjoy its world. He decided t
images/000016534.jpg	ficient quantity of leather and it would
images/000016535.jpg	 On reaching the river he again fell into t
images/000016536.jpg	 the ability of English reading comprehensi
images/000016537.jpg	e fence. However, there remained a few nails that
images/000016538.jpg	 to our fellows. Occasional examples of human
images/000016539.jpg	ain there forever. Your bad temper and an
images/000016540.jpg	st I will help my mother do some housework
images/000016541.jpg	not listen to the sparrow. They continued to 
images/000016542.jpg	 the civilized world humanism plays an importan
images/000016543.jpg	easons. With the rapid progressing of the so
images/000016544.jpg	trunk and drink some water from a nearby
images/000016545.jpg	 needs and seeks rational ways of solving hum
images/000016546.jpg	e rapid progressing of the society, computers a
images/000016547.jpg	s gathering around the television in the 
images/000016548.jpg	ee the holes in the fence. Again, you can
images/000016549.jpg	r told him to remove the nails every day as he h
images/000016550.jpg	r the rule of a king. The people of the kingdom 
images/000016551.jpg	 other beautiful butterflies! The contin
images/000016552.jpg	fore Earth is demolished to make way for a g
images/000016553.jpg	n China, children live with their parents even 
images/000016554.jpg	 order to sell them. The merchant and his do
images/000016555.jpg	arning is perseverance in face of hardship. Don't
images/000016556.jpg	 pair of leather shoes for him and request
images/000016557.jpg	the time. But I have put so much pressure 
images/000016558.jpg	hey are so happy to see me do well in the e
images/000016559.jpg	 week, ranging from about 1.5 hours to a
images/000016560.jpg	forest. He was going to eat it for his lunch.
images/000016561.jpg	ut-to-lunch president of the galaxy; Trilli
images/000016562.jpg	 when no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did 
images/000016563.jpg	ls.Second I will go to my grandma's house,becaus
images/000016564.jpg	that young generation is keen on are disgustin
images/000016565.jpg	was very much surprised by his suggestionand a
images/000016566.jpg	ne was born, the first surroundings is t
images/000016567.jpg	n?” Emily asked.Short Stories - Christma
images/000016568.jpg	rever. Your bad temper and anger were li
images/000016569.jpg	rs, etc.Students should have some ideal qualit
images/000016570.jpg	disgusting to them.Both generations should be r
images/000016571.jpg	ecided to go on a travel to visit places of his
images/000016572.jpg	English-speakers, attend seminars, write 
images/000016573.jpg	I have put so much pressure on myself. O
images/000016574.jpg	count. These different ideas disturb both
images/000016575.jpg	 find some fire. It will help us to keep
images/000016576.jpg	_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been arou
images/000016577.jpg	nd enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrasse
images/000016578.jpg	urprised by his suggestionand applauded 
images/000016579.jpg	ing thought that he had to change this for the
images/000016580.jpg	 forest and searched there for food. Suddenly he
images/000016581.jpg	he merchant and his donkey were walking alon
images/000016582.jpg	demonstrate humanism. The spirit of humanis
images/000016583.jpg	n English will be. Nothing in the world is diff
images/000016584.jpg	minister. He ordered for a pair of leathe
images/000016585.jpg	hur tried to pick up at a cocktail party once
images/000016586.jpg	here was a hungry fox that was looking for somet
images/000016587.jpg	he household is always friendly, welcoming, a
images/000016588.jpg	at. He was very hungry. No matter how ha
images/000016589.jpg	aze for its wonderful combination of col
images/000016590.jpg	 Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pic
images/000016591.jpg	he caught sight of a big tree with a hole in it.
images/000016592.jpg	e computer has brought a lot of benefits to
images/000016593.jpg	(formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend
images/000016594.jpg	. In China, children live with their parents
images/000016595.jpg	, the first surroundings is the family in wh
images/000016596.jpg	ple either turn a deaf ear to the elders'
images/000016597.jpg	ing human problems.There are many examples tha
images/000016598.jpg	onkey with more bags of salt. As they rea
images/000016599.jpg	gdom were very happy as they had a very 
images/000016600.jpg	ds give them strength and courage. They b
images/000016601.jpg	sing of the society, computers are now widely ap
images/000016602.jpg	 fence. However, there remained a few nails
images/000016603.jpg	annot pull out a few nails. The fence never 
images/000016604.jpg	instead of the load becoming lighter, it became h
images/000016605.jpg	urprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been 
images/000016606.jpg	e painful than physical abuse! Use words f
images/000016607.jpg	ching the butterfly struggling to break the 
images/000016608.jpg	iend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cock
images/000016609.jpg	ked down over and over again so that many people 
images/000016610.jpg	tle boy found it very difficult to hamme
images/000016611.jpg	 decided to help the butterfly. He got a pair 
images/000016612.jpg	 came to the king and said that he had anothe
images/000016613.jpg	ping children's character. As parents, they sh
images/000016614.jpg	les that demonstrate humanism. The spiri
images/000016615.jpg	 the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had ea
images/000016616.jpg	ter several weeks, he returned to the pa
images/000016617.jpg	t the sufficient quantity of leather and 
images/000016618.jpg	eneration gap exists in our daily life, w
images/000016619.jpg	. It was never able to fly all through its lif
images/000016620.jpg	he market in order to sell them. The mercha
images/000016621.jpg	erfly would have emerged like any other beaut
images/000016622.jpg	. One day, my parents tell me that they 
images/000016623.jpg	is apparent in the story of "The Right Son 
images/000016624.jpg	be as important as actual medical treatme
images/000016625.jpg	 former graduate student obsessed with the dis
images/000016626.jpg	al computers.The computer has brought a lot of b
images/000016627.jpg	and fell into the river and noticed that the bags
images/000016628.jpg	ppreciated him and asked him pointing to the hol
images/000016629.jpg	manism. The spirit of humanism is apparent 
images/000016630.jpg	ctivities. The more you speak, the better your 
images/000016631.jpg	 depressed due to his bad temper. The boy use
images/000016632.jpg	umanism plays an important role in the mai
images/000016633.jpg	s trick. He then returned home again but re-lo
images/000016634.jpg	en. Chinese families tend to socialize toget
images/000016635.jpg	owth. There are two apparent factors which 
images/000016636.jpg	aid to Emily. “So forget about the whole idea. L
images/000016637.jpg	.The king decided to go on a travel to v
images/000016638.jpg	h can also help accumulate and enlarge you
images/000016639.jpg	ers together to celebrate holidays and ente
images/000016640.jpg	 practice more to improve my skills.Second I 
images/000016641.jpg	bad temper and they were hammered on peop
images/000016642.jpg	ived with his father and mother. He was the o
images/000016643.jpg	them. People of distant places were so happy
images/000016644.jpg	ce of our society. Humanism calls for us to pay
images/000016645.jpg	her, this dynamic pair began a journey throug
images/000016646.jpg	hers together to celebrate holidays and entertai
images/000016647.jpg	e happy.A Hole in the FenceIn a small v
images/000016648.jpg	 flock of fireflies. One of the young monkeys tho
images/000016649.jpg	something to eat. He was very hungry. No matter h
images/000016650.jpg	y just want me to be happy. I know I should rela
images/000016651.jpg	er and father consoled him in many ways to
images/000016652.jpg	e I,” Harry added, shaking his head.“You see. 
images/000016653.jpg	asn’t been around this part of the forest 
images/000016654.jpg	know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much foo
images/000016655.jpg	poke in anger, his friends and neighbour
images/000016656.jpg	orld, the gap between them will be narrowed d
images/000016657.jpg	ve put so much pressure on myself. One day, m
images/000016658.jpg	nd had a craze for its wonderful combination
images/000016659.jpg	er and they were hammered on people. You can re
images/000016660.jpg	e upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilli
images/000016661.jpg	hough the man did it with good intention, only
images/000016662.jpg	assed and the boy was able to pull out most o
images/000016663.jpg	 things that I want to do. For exampie,fi
images/000016664.jpg	veral hours. He spent almost more than 10
images/000016665.jpg	teachers, so family does play an important role 
images/000016666.jpg	im?” Emily asked.“I don’t think so,” sa
images/000016667.jpg	were sitting on the same tree. She noticed what t
images/000016668.jpg	ousework. She was really tired when I was 
images/000016669.jpg	ions on the reasons why generation gap comes int
images/000016670.jpg	ccept anything new. Their voices are not taken in
images/000016671.jpg	s to household duties, including the child
images/000016672.jpg	tion gap exists in our daily life, whether you 
images/000016673.jpg	 the students need English and they need it f
images/000016674.jpg	y, neither the wings expanded or enlarged nor 
images/000016675.jpg	disappearance of all the ballpoint pens he's bo
images/000016676.jpg	people. You can remove the nails but still s
images/000016677.jpg	ad of the load becoming lighter, it became heavi
images/000016678.jpg	per and they were hammered on people. You can 
images/000016679.jpg	a beautiful and colourful butterfly comes fro
images/000016680.jpg	 told the boy, “The nails were your bad tem
images/000016681.jpg	ked the cocoon to make larger opening for the 
images/000016682.jpg	 about the same.  The father appreciated him and
images/000016683.jpg	was a cold and silent night. The weather was
images/000016684.jpg	y lived under the rule of a king. The peop
images/000016685.jpg	the forest. He was going to eat it for hi
images/000016686.jpg	 for human children,” Fritz said to Emily. “
images/000016687.jpg	did not lose his temper. He told his father t
images/000016688.jpg	aracter. As parents, they should learn t
images/000016689.jpg	lity. Friends are the connections betwee
images/000016690.jpg	f. The little boy found it very difficult to hamm
images/000016691.jpg	er. He told his father that it was several 
images/000016692.jpg	neration is too conservative to accept anything n
images/000016693.jpg	y. Further more, it gives us insights into ot
images/000016694.jpg	iving, friends make another important part in sh
images/000016695.jpg	the palace. He was quite happy that he v
images/000016696.jpg	down in time. Both sides should talk over 
images/000016697.jpg	 children warmth, care and shelter, while 
images/000016698.jpg	n one's life.Family Life in ChinaThe m
images/000016699.jpg	y is from the South and has never seen s
images/000016700.jpg	 better your spoken English will be. Nothin
images/000016701.jpg	isters were stunned to hear his order as it w
images/000016702.jpg	strate humanism. The spirit of humanism is
images/000016703.jpg	y do you want to kill the holy animal cow t
images/000016704.jpg	 about the people who used to walk along thos
images/000016705.jpg	ore painful than physical abuse! Use words for
images/000016706.jpg	ave put so much pressure on myself. One day, 
images/000016707.jpg	st I will jion a soccer club,because I like pla
images/000016708.jpg	y of us know that a beautiful and colourful 
images/000016709.jpg	lanet by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher fo
images/000016710.jpg	e to his bad temper. The boy used to get angry
images/000016711.jpg	hey were proud that their king was so kind with
images/000016712.jpg	 system of beliefs that focuses on common
images/000016713.jpg	 angry and to lose his temper. The little boy 
images/000016714.jpg	revious invitation.Chinese families are proud
images/000016715.jpg	 river on the road.Unfortunately, the donkey sli
images/000016716.jpg	gs. Computers largely broaden our vision.How 
images/000016717.jpg	xcept return home where he loaded his donkey wit
images/000016718.jpg	s DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a merchant
images/000016719.jpg	e two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and t
images/000016720.jpg	 passion and love for butterflies decided t
images/000016721.jpg	 the bags of salt loaded on his back became
images/000016722.jpg	 more than in other countries' family. In
images/000016723.jpg	 In order to improve the ability of Engl
images/000016724.jpg	h the disappearance of all the ballpoint pens 
images/000016725.jpg	 English textbooks or jonrnals and attend Eng
images/000016726.jpg	 don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve neve
images/000016727.jpg	 not hammer any nail and he did not lose his tem
images/000016728.jpg	t anything new. Their voices are not taken into
images/000016729.jpg	in ChinaThe members in a Chinese family 
images/000016730.jpg	.His ministers were stunned to hear his order 
images/000016731.jpg	ent purposes. Some students need it to read Engli
images/000016732.jpg	nt, and chronically depressed robot; and Veet V
images/000016733.jpg	 opening. Unfortunately, even after continuous 
images/000016734.jpg	mmered! Yet, the boy did not lose his tem
images/000016735.jpg	 decided to leave the trunk and drink some w
images/000016736.jpg	r the road with leather? Rather, you can
images/000016737.jpg	. Participate in all oral activities. The more
images/000016738.jpg	a lot of benefits to us. It makes us do 
images/000016739.jpg	at was never able to live a life like a 
images/000016740.jpg	 families offer the environment of living, f
images/000016741.jpg	d stored in the body convert into wings. Thu
images/000016742.jpg	bundance of wealth and no misfortunes.The king
images/000016743.jpg	ing emergency, humanism can be as important as
images/000016744.jpg	with a knife, but the wound will remain t
images/000016745.jpg	teen years, has been posing as an out-of-work
images/000016746.jpg	between children and the society, so by conta
images/000016747.jpg	 gap exists in our daily life, whether you admi
images/000016748.jpg	fferent ideas disturb both of them. Most of t
images/000016749.jpg	ows. Occasional examples of human goodness ca
images/000016750.jpg	its world. He decided to sit over and watc
images/000016751.jpg	em to embrace the relationships. Use them to 
images/000016752.jpg	 the things that young generation is keen on are
images/000016753.jpg	ade an order to cover the road of the whole 
images/000016754.jpg	o give up his anger and develop kindness
images/000016755.jpg	tain friends. The household is always friendly, w
images/000016756.jpg	leather shoes for him and requested the count
images/000016757.jpg	ithout any more struggles. He continued t
images/000016758.jpg	 do well in the exam, I will show my paper 
images/000016759.jpg	ppily began to eat. After the fox had fin
images/000016760.jpg	 the forest and searched there for food. Sudde
images/000016761.jpg	change this for the betterment and happiness 
images/000016762.jpg	galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox,
images/000016763.jpg	Cornelius, Monty and I were busy building a sno
images/000016764.jpg	ber of nails hammered to the fence was re
images/000016765.jpg	 out of the cocoon. He was watching the but
images/000016766.jpg	ave”. The monkeys did not listen to the 
images/000016767.jpg	e in ChinaThe members in a Chinese family are
images/000016768.jpg	g to eat. He was very hungry. No matter how h
images/000016769.jpg	n and the butterfly. The butterfly had been 
images/000016770.jpg	 to learn English well. In order to improve th
images/000016771.jpg	teachers, so family does play an importa
images/000016772.jpg	noticed what they were doing. The sparrow l
images/000016773.jpg	ter they get married. So a household consisting
images/000016774.jpg	ored in the body convert into wings. Thus, 
images/000016775.jpg	f the society, computers are now widely applied
images/000016776.jpg	erfly might expand the wings, shrink the body a
images/000016777.jpg	of us know that a beautiful and colourful butter
images/000016778.jpg	n. He loved butterflies and had a craze for
images/000016779.jpg	ecided to help the butterfly. He got a pair of
images/000016780.jpg	nd keeps our minds open to better ways of seei
images/000016781.jpg	 trees in the forest. He was going to eat it fo
images/000016782.jpg	ht. The weather was freezing. A group of 
images/000016783.jpg	 and huge body. It was never able to fly all t
images/000016784.jpg	e is too busy visiting all the human chil
images/000016785.jpg	he boy did not lose his temper. He told his 
images/000016786.jpg	 the story of a butterfly that was never a
images/000016787.jpg	ay that families offer the environment of li
images/000016788.jpg	ral reasons. With the rapid progressing of the 
images/000016789.jpg	 as important as actual medical treatment.In t
images/000016790.jpg	t-to-lunch president of the galaxy; Trill
images/000016791.jpg	d find some fire. It will help us to keep war
images/000016792.jpg	how my paper to my parents, they are so happy t
images/000016793.jpg	come out of its cocoon would let the fluid st
images/000016794.jpg	 cocoon would let the fluid stored in the body
images/000016795.jpg	 need. The young man's actions were the exam
images/000016796.jpg	y, his father gave him a huge bag of nails. 
images/000016797.jpg	e hungry fox immediately thought that there migh
images/000016798.jpg	e galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMi
images/000016799.jpg	ons should be responsible for solving the p
images/000016800.jpg	saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant 
images/000016801.jpg	and keep the lines of communications with th
images/000016802.jpg	ifferent purposes. Some students need it to
images/000016803.jpg	and over again so that many people can aff
images/000016804.jpg	nd others speaking English better than you
images/000016805.jpg	 even after they get married. So a househ
images/000016806.jpg	hildren's character. As parents, they should lea
images/000016807.jpg	lls.Second I will go to my grandma's house,b
images/000016808.jpg	nd his DonkeyOne beautiful spring mornin
images/000016809.jpg	her and mother. He was the only son for th
images/000016810.jpg	d wings.The man was happy that he made the bu
images/000016811.jpg	mber climbs more than ten times up, indi
images/000016812.jpg	m. The merchant and his donkey were walki
images/000016813.jpg	x, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie 
images/000016814.jpg	 the people who used to walk along those roads 
images/000016815.jpg	times up, indicating computers are playing a mo
images/000016816.jpg	me where he loaded his donkey with more bags of 
images/000016817.jpg	ally, the number of nails hammered to the fenc
images/000016818.jpg	ish, tricky donkey again set on its way. On r
images/000016819.jpg	searcher for the revised edition of The Hitchhike
images/000016820.jpg	e, there was a hungry fox that was looking for 
images/000016821.jpg	helping hand to the old man in time of need. 
images/000016822.jpg	t he visited many pilgrim centres and could s
images/000016823.jpg	ered to the fence was reduced and the day arrived
images/000016824.jpg	enly they noticed a flock of fireflies. One of th
images/000016825.jpg	dship. Don't be intimidated even though you find 
images/000016826.jpg	t and tolerance, many things may turn out 
images/000016827.jpg	 seemed that the butterfly tried its best
images/000016828.jpg	sed advice or set themselves against what the e
images/000016829.jpg	te humanism. The spirit of humanism is ap
images/000016830.jpg	, the donkey fell into the river and wasted al
images/000016831.jpg	ren live with their parents even after they ge
images/000016832.jpg	 were your bad temper and they were hammered o
images/000016833.jpg	e slippery riverbank, now deliberately, the don
images/000016834.jpg	 to the palace. He was quite happy that he
images/000016835.jpg	hours. He spent almost more than 10 hours wi
images/000016836.jpg	man's actions were the example of humanis
images/000016837.jpg	re so happy to have a conversation with their kin
images/000016838.jpg	e students need to use it to talk to Englis
images/000016839.jpg	hes. Young people either turn a deaf ear t
images/000016840.jpg	, which can also help accumulate and enlarge you
images/000016841.jpg	wth. There are two apparent factors which affect
images/000016842.jpg	e; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chron
images/000016843.jpg	onversation with their king and they were proud t
images/000016844.jpg	 in it.Inside the hole was a package. The 
images/000016845.jpg	In order to improve the ability of English 
images/000016846.jpg	nt characters. If we say that families offer t
images/000016847.jpg	o the water. But instead of the load bec
images/000016848.jpg	 difficult for one who sets his mind on it.
images/000016849.jpg	hen returned home again but re-loaded his donke
images/000016850.jpg	utterfly struggling to break the shell for sev
images/000016851.jpg	y does play an important role in shaping chi
images/000016852.jpg	 nails drove him to hammer in the fence for 
images/000016853.jpg	e this for the betterment and happiness 
images/000016854.jpg	rfly just crawled around with withered wings and 
images/000016855.jpg	an goodness can remind us of the meaning of
images/000016856.jpg	lies. One of the young monkeys thought it was 
images/000016857.jpg	e the dearest parts in one's life.Family
images/000016858.jpg	ost of the things that young generation is keen
images/000016859.jpg	tterfly emerged without any struggle!Unfortunat
images/000016860.jpg	ld have emerged like any other beautiful butt
images/000016861.jpg	 them will be narrowed down in time. Both sides 
images/000016862.jpg	upset. He told himself, “I wish that I had thou
images/000016863.jpg	ister. He ordered for a pair of leather sho
images/000016864.jpg	e housework. She was really tired when I wa
images/000016865.jpg	 access to a lot of reading materials, which ca
images/000016866.jpg	 their minds open to each other's outlooks on
images/000016867.jpg	and not The WorldLong ago, people happily live
images/000016868.jpg	ul spring morning, a merchant loaded his donkey
images/000016869.jpg	ys did not listen to the sparrow. They continu
images/000016870.jpg	ectively more than in other countries' family.
images/000016871.jpg	ys before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and
images/000016872.jpg	is coming.I am going to do many things that
images/000016873.jpg	. He could not tolerate the pain as he walked all
images/000016874.jpg	piece of leather cut in appropriate shap
images/000016875.jpg	 they just want me to be happy. I know I sh
images/000016876.jpg	w my paper to my parents, they are so ha
images/000016877.jpg	 and pilgrim centres at distant places. He decide
images/000016878.jpg	computer is a wonderful machine. Today it i
images/000016879.jpg	her do some housework. She was really tired when
images/000016880.jpg	nce-based advice or set themselves agains
images/000016881.jpg	r fellows with respect and tolerance, man
images/000016882.jpg	 face of hardship. Don't be intimidated even thou
images/000016883.jpg	 my skills.Second I will go to my grandma's hous
images/000016884.jpg	 family does play an important role in shaping ch
images/000016885.jpg	st every field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks 
images/000016886.jpg	Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t b
images/000016887.jpg	ngry and to lose his temper. The little boy
images/000016888.jpg	on without any more struggles. He continued to
images/000016889.jpg	g from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The num
images/000016890.jpg	uld see his fellow people leading a propitious li
images/000016891.jpg	e was reduced to half. The little boy found it
images/000016892.jpg	d smaller and the wings would be beautiful an
images/000016893.jpg	ry words. He scolded kids, neighbours and even
images/000016894.jpg	 aided by a galaxyful of fellow travelers
images/000016895.jpg	ome out of the cocoon without any more str
images/000016896.jpg	which can also help accumulate and enlarge
images/000016897.jpg	e roads as it would be painful for them to
images/000016898.jpg	tterflies and had a craze for its wonderf
images/000016899.jpg	 cocoon. The butterfly emerged without any 
images/000016900.jpg	 than physical abuse! Use words for good.
images/000016901.jpg	 strength and courage. They both help children t
images/000016902.jpg	d requested the countrymen to wear shoes.
images/000016903.jpg	he hours that people spend on computers per week,
images/000016904.jpg	 them.Both generations should be responsible fo
images/000016905.jpg	 out Emily also didn’t know much about Christ
images/000016906.jpg	onstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism 
images/000016907.jpg	le in shaping children's character. As parent
images/000016908.jpg	e of cost and the fierce market competition
images/000016909.jpg	should talk over their problems with each ot
images/000016910.jpg	 a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had 
images/000016911.jpg	mmer holiday, I want to practice more to
images/000016912.jpg	rn a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based ad
images/000016913.jpg	hristmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he 
images/000016914.jpg	o misfortunes.The king decided to go on 
images/000016915.jpg	o well in the exam. I want to be happy all the 
images/000016916.jpg	ersonality. Friends are the connections b
images/000016917.jpg	butterfly would come out of the cocoon. He 
images/000016918.jpg	ve a piece of leather cut in appropriate 
images/000016919.jpg	 same.  The father appreciated him and as
images/000016920.jpg	, the body would become lighter and smaller an
images/000016921.jpg	we say that families offer the environment 
images/000016922.jpg	Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so
images/000016923.jpg	s father about the same.  The father apprecia
images/000016924.jpg	 be responsible for solving the problem. As lo
images/000016925.jpg	company them. People of distant places were so h
images/000016926.jpg	first teachers, so family does play an i
images/000016927.jpg	 not taken into account. These different 
images/000016928.jpg	se families are hospitable. The family gathe
images/000016929.jpg	and had a craze for its wonderful combination o
images/000016930.jpg	p children to understand the world as it is, 
images/000016931.jpg	und butterflies. He knew how a butterfly would st
images/000016932.jpg	both of them. Most of the things that young gen
images/000016933.jpg	o things more quickly. Further more, it gives us
images/000016934.jpg	m an unappealing worm! Here is the story o
images/000016935.jpg	ese families tend to socialize together, with sev
images/000016936.jpg	s at distant places. He decided to travel by fo
images/000016937.jpg	of the load becoming lighter, it became heavier.
images/000016938.jpg	ldren's personality. Friends are the connections
images/000016939.jpg	could not tolerate the pain as he walked all the
images/000016940.jpg	s a hungry fox that was looking for something to
images/000016941.jpg	gressing of the society, computers are now widel
images/000016942.jpg	ing, he felt thirsty and decided to leave 
images/000016943.jpg	fly. The butterfly had been struggling very h
images/000016944.jpg	er.During the summer holiday, I want to prac
images/000016945.jpg	ome again but re-loaded his donkey with bags of
images/000016946.jpg	 of the cocoon. He was watching the butterf
images/000016947.jpg	l days.Last I will help my mother do som
images/000016948.jpg	h generations should be responsible for sol
images/000016949.jpg	 Chinese family are respectively more than in o
images/000016950.jpg	 people either turn a deaf ear to the elde
images/000016951.jpg	sessed with the disappearance of all the ball
images/000016952.jpg	 Use them to embrace the relationships. Use them
images/000016953.jpg	ills.Second I will go to my grandma's house,becau
images/000016954.jpg	 helping hand to the old man in time of nee
images/000016955.jpg	 to the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen ye
images/000016956.jpg	 effort from the butterfly to come out of its c
images/000016957.jpg	 don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen h
images/000016958.jpg	is temper.Gradually, the number of nails hammere
images/000016959.jpg	 him and requested the countrymen to wea
images/000016960.jpg	 passed and the boy was able to pull out most of 
images/000016961.jpg	e to be happy. I know I should relax myself a
images/000016962.jpg	ile some students need to use it to talk to
images/000016963.jpg	ts need it to read English textbooks or jonrn
images/000016964.jpg	ser attention to our fellows. Occasional
images/000016965.jpg	father about the same.  The father appre
images/000016966.jpg	ers per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours to 
images/000016967.jpg	y was able to pull out most of the nails from th
images/000016968.jpg	 family are respectively more than in other c
images/000016969.jpg	e decline of cost and the fierce market com
images/000016970.jpg	 said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, myself.”“N
images/000016971.jpg	ocoon without any more struggles. He continued 
images/000016972.jpg	puters.The computer has brought a lot of ben
images/000016973.jpg	 Unfortunately, all their attempts failed. Fi
images/000016974.jpg	a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that the 
images/000016975.jpg	hey just want me to be happy. I know I should re
images/000016976.jpg	o apparent factors which affect a person's
images/000016977.jpg	ngs could support the body.  Unfortunately,
images/000016978.jpg	larger opening for the butterfly and removed
images/000016979.jpg	s, the number of nails hammered on the fence was 
images/000016980.jpg	n the story of "The Right Son at the Right 
images/000016981.jpg	sked his son to hammer one nail to the fence e
images/000016982.jpg	ch member of the family contributes to ho
images/000016983.jpg	 before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I
images/000016984.jpg	nment of living, friends make another imp
images/000016985.jpg	w people leading a propitious life. However, he
images/000016986.jpg	e, many things may turn out for the better. Huma
images/000016987.jpg	rning is perseverance in face of hardship. Do
images/000016988.jpg	he was really tired when I was go to school. Exc
images/000016989.jpg	ort.A sparrow came flying to its nest. T
images/000016990.jpg	he Right Time". The soldier extended a helping 
images/000016991.jpg	 found it hilarious and accepted to do what
images/000016992.jpg	onderful machine. Today it is used a great
images/000016993.jpg	ery happy. He jumped into the hole and when he o
images/000016994.jpg	g computers are playing a more and more importa
images/000016995.jpg	When it comes to the problem of generation g
images/000016996.jpg	father consoled him in many ways to give up
images/000016997.jpg	ree trunk while he cut down trees in the forest.
images/000016998.jpg	eks rational ways of solving human problems.
images/000016999.jpg	l cow to cover the road with leather? Ra
images/000017000.jpg	e forever. Your bad temper and anger were like t
images/000017001.jpg	They were clinging to its branches. One of the m
images/000017002.jpg	 of leather shoes for him and requested the co
images/000017003.jpg	ummer holiday is coming.I am going to do many t
images/000017004.jpg	he load becoming lighter, it became heavier.Coco
images/000017005.jpg	nd totally out-to-lunch president of the galaxy
images/000017006.jpg	 deliberately, the donkey fell into the r
images/000017007.jpg	s' family. In China, children live with t
images/000017008.jpg	ontributes to household duties, including the ch
images/000017009.jpg	ing from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours
images/000017010.jpg	rflies! The continuous effort from the butt
images/000017011.jpg	ake its way to enjoy its world. He decide
images/000017012.jpg	 any more try.The man, who had a passion 
images/000017013.jpg	 craze for its wonderful combination of c
images/000017014.jpg	he wings expanded or enlarged nor the sw
images/000017015.jpg	know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much
images/000017016.jpg	utterfly tried its best and could not give any m
images/000017017.jpg	I had thought a little before jumping into t
images/000017018.jpg	s that young generation is keen on are disg
images/000017019.jpg	uantity of leather and it would cost a huge amou
images/000017020.jpg	people who used to walk along those roads as it w
images/000017021.jpg	is temper, he ran to the fence and hammered a n
images/000017022.jpg	ds before Earth is demolished to make way f
images/000017023.jpg	or a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is pl
images/000017024.jpg	thing new. Their voices are not taken into 
images/000017025.jpg	o hear his order as it would destroy the life of 
images/000017026.jpg	ortunately, the butterfly looked no longer b
images/000017027.jpg	d be responsible for solving the problem. As l
images/000017028.jpg	 over again so that many people can affor
images/000017029.jpg	enerations should be responsible for solving 
images/000017030.jpg	ssed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former gra
images/000017031.jpg	ived under the rule of a king. The people of
images/000017032.jpg	t is a firefly, not real fire”.The sparrow c
images/000017033.jpg	ands of cows to get the sufficient quantity of le
images/000017034.jpg	ts in our daily life, whether you admit it or not
images/000017035.jpg	make its way to enjoy its world. He decided to si
images/000017036.jpg	rldLong ago, people happily lived under the
images/000017037.jpg	y thought that there might be food in it,
images/000017038.jpg	 member of the family contributes to house
images/000017039.jpg	etween children and the society, so by con
images/000017040.jpg	cond I will go to my grandma's house,becau
images/000017041.jpg	e very stony. He could not tolerate the pain as 
images/000017042.jpg	 better ways of seeing things. Computers lar
images/000017043.jpg	In the civilized world humanism plays an imp
images/000017044.jpg	dge of the forest and searched there for fo
images/000017045.jpg	ed on people. You can remove the nails but still 
images/000017046.jpg	Parents may not be in favor of their children
images/000017047.jpg	sufficient quantity of leather and it would
images/000017048.jpg	y would have emerged like any other beautifu
images/000017049.jpg	e to accept anything new. Their voices ar
images/000017050.jpg	 scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make larger o
images/000017051.jpg	s with respect and tolerance, many things ma
images/000017052.jpg	ng, and generous to visitors who can drop in on
images/000017053.jpg	s suggestionand applauded the minister. 
images/000017054.jpg	uggle!Unfortunately, the butterfly look
images/000017055.jpg	favor of their children's hairstyle and wei
images/000017056.jpg	ace of hardship. Don't be intimidated even thoug
images/000017057.jpg	 made an order to cover the road of the whole cou
images/000017058.jpg	 more you speak, the better your spoken Engli
images/000017059.jpg	 where he loaded his donkey with more bag
images/000017060.jpg	h pressure on myself. One day, my parents tell
images/000017061.jpg	ergency, humanism can be as important as 
images/000017062.jpg	 that it was several days that he did not hammer
images/000017063.jpg	 same! It has scars all over! You can sta
images/000017064.jpg	out-of-work actor.Together, this dynamic pair 
images/000017065.jpg	ne of cost and the fierce market competi
images/000017066.jpg	ength and courage. They both help children to un
images/000017067.jpg	ke shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not
images/000017068.jpg	ver able to live a life like a butterfly!
images/000017069.jpg	o go to the market in order to sell them. The 
images/000017070.jpg	ome water from a nearby spring. However,
images/000017071.jpg	 things may turn out for the better. Huma
images/000017072.jpg	hildren's character. As parents, they should lear
images/000017073.jpg	hen I do well in the exam, I will show my pape
images/000017074.jpg	aphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, 
images/000017075.jpg	's outlooks on the world, the gap between
images/000017076.jpg	where he loaded his donkey with more bags of s
images/000017077.jpg	rt Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOn
images/000017078.jpg	. Don't be intimidated even though you find oth
images/000017079.jpg	d of their harmony and unity. Each member of the 
images/000017080.jpg	ral days.Last I will help my mother do some 
images/000017081.jpg	s temper. He told his father that it was se
images/000017082.jpg	5 hours to about 19 hours. The number climbs mor
images/000017083.jpg	ldo?” she asked me, shivering in the cold 
images/000017084.jpg	rs.”It turned out Emily also didn’t know
images/000017085.jpg	ay. On reaching the river he again fell into the 
images/000017086.jpg	 was never able to fly all through its lif
images/000017087.jpg	Some think that maybe the old generation 
images/000017088.jpg	ous effort from the butterfly to come ou
images/000017089.jpg	erful machine. Today it is used a great deal
images/000017090.jpg	stem of beliefs that focuses on common human nee
images/000017091.jpg	g man's actions were the example of humanistic
images/000017092.jpg	y come out of the cocoon without any more st
images/000017093.jpg	 of our society. Humanism calls for us to 
images/000017094.jpg	tries' family. In China, children live with thei
images/000017095.jpg	d to make way for a galactic freeway, Ar
images/000017096.jpg	 to be happy all the time. But I have put so 
images/000017097.jpg	ter than you. Participate in all oral acti
images/000017098.jpg	ached the slippery riverbank, now deliberatel
images/000017099.jpg	ter told, ‘Why do you want to kill the hol
images/000017100.jpg	o his bad temper. The boy used to get angr
images/000017101.jpg	w your heart!”A Merchant and his DonkeyShort
images/000017102.jpg	erfly and removed the remaining cocoon. The bu
images/000017103.jpg	 demolished to make way for a galactic freeway
images/000017104.jpg	fferent things appeal to different generat
images/000017105.jpg	 we don’t want to undergo any struggle, we won’t
images/000017106.jpg	ecame very tired. Now they realized what th
images/000017107.jpg	ches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we could
images/000017108.jpg	irlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cock
images/000017109.jpg	ws to get the sufficient quantity of leathe
images/000017110.jpg	oly animal cow to cover the road with leathe
images/000017111.jpg	uch pressure on myself. One day, my parents tell 
images/000017112.jpg	ht Time". The soldier extended a helping h
images/000017113.jpg	 that the bags of salt loaded on his back became
images/000017114.jpg	e fluid stored in the body convert into w
images/000017115.jpg	 in the exam, they just want me to be happy. I k
images/000017116.jpg	oads weren’t comfortable and were very ston
images/000017117.jpg	ny ways to give up his anger and develop k
images/000017118.jpg	erefore, I want to help her in the holidays.What
images/000017119.jpg	f their children's hairstyle and weird clothe
images/000017120.jpg	idea. Let’s go home now before you catch a cold
images/000017121.jpg	hered wings and huge body. It was never a
images/000017122.jpg	and shelter, while friends give them streng
images/000017123.jpg	 guess he is too busy visiting all the hu
images/000017124.jpg	r! You can stab a man with a knife, but the w
images/000017125.jpg	ad, meat and fruit in it!An old woodcutter h
images/000017126.jpg	d placed the food in the tree trunk while he c
images/000017127.jpg	very difficult to hammer the nails and decided t
images/000017128.jpg	no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose 
images/000017129.jpg	ance and pilgrim centres at distant plac
images/000017130.jpg	ey just want me to be happy. I know I should
images/000017131.jpg	uld get access to a lot of reading mater
images/000017132.jpg	beautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded his 
images/000017133.jpg	Use them to embrace the relationships. Use them
images/000017134.jpg	 be in favor of their children's hairstyle 
images/000017135.jpg	ked off the planet by his friend Ford Pr
images/000017136.jpg	ody.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expanded 
images/000017137.jpg	 It has scars all over! You can stab a m
images/000017138.jpg	ly. The butterfly had been struggling ve
images/000017139.jpg	he hasn’t been around this part of the fores
images/000017140.jpg	 beautiful and colourful butterfly comes from an 
images/000017141.jpg	the verbal usage. While he forgot what he spo
images/000017142.jpg	without any more struggles. He continued
images/000017143.jpg	for him and requested the countrymen to wear s
images/000017144.jpg	e hours that people spend on computers per we
images/000017145.jpg	pilgrim centres and could see his fellow peop
images/000017146.jpg	I don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve neve
images/000017147.jpg	rit of humanism is apparent in the story 
images/000017148.jpg	to the fence was reduced and the day arriv
images/000017149.jpg	d.The nails drove him to hammer in the fence
images/000017150.jpg	o get angry very soon and taunt others with his w
images/000017151.jpg	for something to eat. He was very hungry. No mat
images/000017152.jpg	lourful butterfly comes from an unappeal
images/000017153.jpg	t expand the wings, shrink the body and the wi
images/000017154.jpg	in one's life.Family Life in ChinaThe member
images/000017155.jpg	r do some housework. She was really tired when
images/000017156.jpg	h how the butterfly would come out of th
images/000017157.jpg	ents need it to read English textbooks or 
images/000017158.jpg	ot be in favor of their children's hairs
images/000017159.jpg	tless factors may influence a person's growth
images/000017160.jpg	cond I will go to my grandma's house,bec
images/000017161.jpg	le of humanistic behavior. In the event of a l
images/000017162.jpg	ocoon. He was watching the butterfly stru
images/000017163.jpg	, has been posing as an out-of-work actor.Toge
images/000017164.jpg	 forest for many years. I guess he is too busy
images/000017165.jpg	his phenomenon? As far as I know, it involves se
images/000017166.jpg	istmas SurpriseIt was two days before Chris
images/000017167.jpg	nts are children's first teachers, so fam
images/000017168.jpg	e fox could not find food. Finally he went to t
images/000017169.jpg	. Use them to embrace the relationships. 
images/000017170.jpg	butterfly comes from an unappealing worm! Here
images/000017171.jpg	an's actions were the example of humanisti
images/000017172.jpg	Do you think he will come if I write to 
images/000017173.jpg	ded or enlarged nor the swollen body redu
images/000017174.jpg	 and accompany them. People of distant plac
images/000017175.jpg	19 hours. The number climbs more than ten
images/000017176.jpg	urage. They both help children to understand
images/000017177.jpg	 extended a helping hand to the old man 
images/000017178.jpg	ety, so by contacting with friends one can get 
images/000017179.jpg	ore to improve my skills.Second I will go 
images/000017180.jpg	tz appeared with his little niece Emily and 
images/000017181.jpg	Computers and Modern LifeThe computer is a wonde
images/000017182.jpg	, the donkey fell into the river and wast
images/000017183.jpg	g a more and more important role in modern life
images/000017184.jpg	o hear his order as it would destroy the lif
images/000017185.jpg	tterfly. He got a pair of scissors and tweaked
images/000017186.jpg	 commitment and discipline to learn English we
images/000017187.jpg	so bring presents to animal children?” Emily as
images/000017188.jpg	ee trunk while he cut down trees in the f
images/000017189.jpg	, he ran to the fence and hammered a nai
images/000017190.jpg	 look the same! It has scars all over! Y
images/000017191.jpg	. It requires much time, commitment and disc
images/000017192.jpg	 In order to improve the ability of English readi
images/000017193.jpg	he monkeys were sitting on the same tree.
images/000017194.jpg	ny opening. Unfortunately, even after continuo
images/000017195.jpg	et. He told himself, “I wish that I had though
images/000017196.jpg	oaded his donkey with more bags of salt. As 
images/000017197.jpg	neration gap comes into being. Some think that 
images/000017198.jpg	r the revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guid
images/000017199.jpg	ct, a researcher for the revised edition
images/000017200.jpg	king was very much surprised by his suggestion
images/000017201.jpg	distant places. He decided to travel by foot to
images/000017202.jpg	us effort from the butterfly to come out of
images/000017203.jpg	ok the same! It has scars all over! You ca
images/000017204.jpg	de an order to cover the road of the whole count
images/000017205.jpg	 very much.I want to stay with her for s
images/000017206.jpg	wed down in time. Both sides should talk over the
images/000017207.jpg	s tend to have many pleasant characters. If we sa
images/000017208.jpg	he fox happily began to eat. After the fox ha
images/000017209.jpg	vitation.Chinese families are proud of their
images/000017210.jpg	per. He told his father that it was several days
images/000017211.jpg	e for 30 times on the first day! Every time
images/000017212.jpg	pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? For 
images/000017213.jpg	m the same cloth. Parents may not be in favor o
images/000017214.jpg	 he became very happy. He jumped into the
images/000017215.jpg	p between them will be narrowed down in time. Bo
images/000017216.jpg	 will show my paper to my parents, they are so 
images/000017217.jpg	 a Chinese family are respectively more tha
images/000017218.jpg	ccessful English learning is perseverance in fa
images/000017219.jpg	nt to be happy all the time. But I have put 
images/000017220.jpg	e Right Time". The soldier extended a helpi
images/000017221.jpg	m. The spirit of humanism is apparent in t
images/000017222.jpg	e now widely applied in almost every field o
images/000017223.jpg	sit places of historical importance and pilgrim c
images/000017224.jpg	 had a very prosperous life with abundance of 
images/000017225.jpg	 open, at the same time they must keep i
images/000017226.jpg	, Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to
images/000017227.jpg	ended a helping hand to the old man in time 
images/000017228.jpg	e to the king and said that he had another id
images/000017229.jpg	 propitious life. However, he had regret.
images/000017230.jpg	iful spring morning, a merchant loaded his
images/000017231.jpg	ery much.I want to stay with her for seve
images/000017232.jpg	e angry and to lose his temper. The little b
images/000017233.jpg	of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who,
images/000017234.jpg	do many things that I want to do. For examp
images/000017235.jpg	 coming.I am going to do many things that
images/000017236.jpg	t people might feel comfortable, immediatel
images/000017237.jpg	t was several days that he did not hammer any n
images/000017238.jpg	ontributes to household duties, includin
images/000017239.jpg	s an important role in the maintenance of our s
images/000017240.jpg	s offer children warmth, care and shelte
images/000017241.jpg	accepted to do what his father said.The nails 
images/000017242.jpg	r look the same! It has scars all over! You can
images/000017243.jpg	ony and unity. Each member of the family contribu
images/000017244.jpg	ords for good. Use them to embrace the relatio
images/000017245.jpg	soldier extended a helping hand to the old 
images/000017246.jpg	.The Importance of HumanismHumanism is a syste
images/000017247.jpg	t what he spoke in anger, his friends and nei
images/000017248.jpg	e to live a life like a butterfly!One day, a ma
images/000017249.jpg	exam, they just want me to be happy. I know I 
images/000017250.jpg	keys became very tired. Now they realized w
images/000017251.jpg	benefits to us. It makes us do things more qui
images/000017252.jpg	ds.After one was born, the first surrounding
images/000017253.jpg	m in many ways to give up his anger and develop
images/000017254.jpg	ithout any more struggles. He continued 
images/000017255.jpg	nd food. Finally he went to the edge of the
images/000017256.jpg	ed a few nails that the boy could not pull out.
images/000017257.jpg	re two apparent factors which affect a p
images/000017258.jpg	he road of the whole country with leather so tha
images/000017259.jpg	ocoon. The butterfly emerged without any struggle
images/000017260.jpg	y opening. It meant that the butterfly was t
images/000017261.jpg	with bags of sponges.The foolish, tricky don
images/000017262.jpg	 and were very stony. He could not tolerate the p
images/000017263.jpg	He decided to sit over and watch how the butt
images/000017264.jpg	her to celebrate holidays and entertain 
images/000017265.jpg	nerous to visitors who can drop in on friends
images/000017266.jpg	me of need. The young man's actions were t
images/000017267.jpg	, and chronically depressed robot; and Ve
images/000017268.jpg	denly they noticed a flock of fireflies. 
images/000017269.jpg	 you cannot pull out a few nails. The fence 
images/000017270.jpg	sIt was a cold and silent night. The weather was
images/000017271.jpg	er distance. He complained to his ministers
images/000017272.jpg	erflies decided to help the butterfly. He g
images/000017273.jpg	it would cost a huge amount of money also.
images/000017274.jpg	ccer.During the summer holiday, I want to pra
images/000017275.jpg	rk. Therefore, I want to help her in the holi
images/000017276.jpg	portant role in shaping children's character. 
images/000017277.jpg	generations. Those who grow up in happy families
images/000017278.jpg	an 10 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly
images/000017279.jpg	he most essential quality for successful Engli
images/000017280.jpg	s temper, he ran to the fence and hammered
images/000017281.jpg	anism is a system of beliefs that focuses on 
images/000017282.jpg	midated even though you find others speaki
images/000017283.jpg	fortable and were very stony. He could not t
images/000017284.jpg	e river and noticed that the bags of salt loa
images/000017285.jpg	op in on friends and relatives without previous
images/000017286.jpg	n many ways to give up his anger and dev
images/000017287.jpg	. While he forgot what he spoke in anger
images/000017288.jpg	 don’t want to undergo any struggle, we w
images/000017289.jpg	 the environment of living, friends make ano
images/000017290.jpg	ountrymen to wear shoes. FoolsIt was a cold
images/000017291.jpg	 grandma's house,because I miss her very muc
images/000017292.jpg	t want me to be happy. I know I should relax m
images/000017293.jpg	mber of nails hammered on the fence was red
images/000017294.jpg	there was no progress. It seemed that the butt
images/000017295.jpg	il. In the next few days, the number of n
images/000017296.jpg	Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about the w
images/000017297.jpg	ly tired when I was go to school. Except for
images/000017298.jpg	ed to sit over and watch how the butterfly w
images/000017299.jpg	y things that I want to do. For exampie,first I 
images/000017300.jpg	he boy, “The nails were your bad temper and they
images/000017301.jpg	id not lose his temper. He told his fath
images/000017302.jpg	ism calls for us to pay closer attention 
images/000017303.jpg	as.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shi
images/000017304.jpg	h the butterfly fly with its beautiful win
images/000017305.jpg	r beautiful butterflies! The continuous effo
images/000017306.jpg	! Use words for good. Use them to embrace t
images/000017307.jpg	nce-based advice or set themselves again
images/000017308.jpg	than you. Participate in all oral activities.
images/000017309.jpg	st of the nails from the fence. However, ther
images/000017310.jpg	he planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a 
images/000017311.jpg	were very depressed due to his bad temper. T
images/000017312.jpg	ocoon and the ButterflyMany of us know 
images/000017313.jpg	 stick your thumb to the stars!Summer holiday is
images/000017314.jpg	e nails from the fence. However, there remaine
images/000017315.jpg	hen Fritz appeared with his little niece Emil
images/000017316.jpg	, with several generations gathering around the t
images/000017317.jpg	not cut from the same cloth. Parents may not b
images/000017318.jpg	 water. But instead of the load becoming 
images/000017319.jpg	unt. These different ideas disturb both of them.
images/000017320.jpg	 Most of the things that young generation is keen
images/000017321.jpg	all the way through the rough path.He sa
images/000017322.jpg	ain friends. The household is always frien
images/000017323.jpg	uggling to break the shell for several ho
images/000017324.jpg	nefits to us. It makes us do things more 
images/000017325.jpg	fly would have emerged like any other beautifu
images/000017326.jpg	 the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors and
images/000017327.jpg	 the problem. As long as both sides keep
images/000017328.jpg	re Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I w
images/000017329.jpg	e, commitment and discipline to learn English we
images/000017330.jpg	velers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed,
images/000017331.jpg	eople of the kingdom were very happy as th
images/000017332.jpg	ng, a merchant loaded his donkey with bags of 
images/000017333.jpg	elp children to understand the world as it is, 
images/000017334.jpg	thousands of cows to get the sufficient quantity 
images/000017335.jpg	key with more bags of salt. As they reached the 
images/000017336.jpg	d. Use them to embrace the relationships. Use t
images/000017337.jpg	 where he loaded his donkey with more ba
images/000017338.jpg	ly, even after continuous attempts for s
images/000017339.jpg	nd seeks rational ways of solving human proble
images/000017340.jpg	cters. If we say that families offer the enviro
images/000017341.jpg	taunt others with his words. His bad tempe
images/000017342.jpg	his father gave him a huge bag of nails. He
images/000017343.jpg	t pens he's bought over the years.Where are t
images/000017344.jpg	o the water. But instead of the load becomi
images/000017345.jpg	king and they were proud that their king wa
images/000017346.jpg	milies offer children warmth, care and shelter,
images/000017347.jpg	ial quality for successful English learning is p
images/000017348.jpg	 Yet, the boy did not lose his temper. He told 
images/000017349.jpg	e river and wasted all the bags of salt on its ba
images/000017350.jpg	ent night. The weather was freezing. A gro
images/000017351.jpg	ther appreciated him and asked him pointing to th
images/000017352.jpg	ther, you can just have a piece of leather
images/000017353.jpg	d this part of the forest for many years. I gue
images/000017354.jpg	have some ideal qualities to succeed in Engl
images/000017355.jpg	ound this part of the forest for many year
images/000017356.jpg	grim centres and could see his fellow people 
images/000017357.jpg	r gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked his so
images/000017358.jpg	vent of a life-threatening emergency, humanism ca
images/000017359.jpg	 would become lighter and smaller and the wings w
images/000017360.jpg	uantity of leather and it would cost a hug
images/000017361.jpg	in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a f
images/000017362.jpg	d to watch the butterfly and he was quite eager 
images/000017363.jpg	ven after they get married. So a household cons
images/000017364.jpg	 turn out for the better. Humanism makes the wor
images/000017365.jpg	n computers per week, ranging from about 
images/000017366.jpg	 all oral activities. The more you speak, th
images/000017367.jpg	to watch the butterfly fly with its beau
images/000017368.jpg	as looking for something to eat. He was very
images/000017369.jpg	reached a river on the road.Unfortunately, t
images/000017370.jpg	oth of them. Most of the things that young 
images/000017371.jpg	me housework. She was really tired when I wa
images/000017372.jpg	hange this for the betterment and happines
images/000017373.jpg	‘Why do you want to kill the holy animal cow to c
images/000017374.jpg	ip by foot to longer distance. He complained to h
images/000017375.jpg	ies decided to help the butterfly. He got
images/000017376.jpg	ll into the river and noticed that the bags of 
images/000017377.jpg	group of monkeys were on a tree. They were c
images/000017378.jpg	 the road.Unfortunately, the donkey sli
images/000017379.jpg	which affect a person's growth. One is family, 
images/000017380.jpg	he hole.The fox was very sad and upset. He to
images/000017381.jpg	 qualities to succeed in English learning. I
images/000017382.jpg	to watch the butterfly and he was quite eager 
images/000017383.jpg	lly he went to the edge of the forest and se
images/000017384.jpg	he nails were your bad temper and they were 
images/000017385.jpg	who used to walk along those roads as it
images/000017386.jpg	fly to come out of its cocoon would let the
images/000017387.jpg	earning. It requires much time, commitment and 
images/000017388.jpg	me out of the cocoon. He was watching the butter
images/000017389.jpg	d to his ministers that the roads weren’t comfort
images/000017390.jpg	 distance. He complained to his ministers tha
images/000017391.jpg	ars, has been posing as an out-of-work acto
images/000017392.jpg	 a nail. In the next few days, the numbe
images/000017393.jpg	 students need to use it to talk to English
images/000017394.jpg	work. Therefore, I want to help her in the 
images/000017395.jpg	edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy w
images/000017396.jpg	hildren's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young pe
images/000017397.jpg	her? Rather, you can just have a piece o
images/000017398.jpg	at he had to change this for the betterment a
images/000017399.jpg	Except for taking care of me, she also has to 
images/000017400.jpg	e society, computers are now widely appl
images/000017401.jpg	d him and asked him pointing to the hole, ‘Wh
images/000017402.jpg	ch worried about the people who used to w
images/000017403.jpg	d to the palace. He was quite happy that he vis
images/000017404.jpg	em. The parents of the little boy were very 
images/000017405.jpg	face of hardship. Don't be intimidated even tho
images/000017406.jpg	e then returned home again but re-loaded hi
images/000017407.jpg	s hammered on the fence was reduced to ha
images/000017408.jpg	y tired when I was go to school. Except for tak
images/000017409.jpg	 the ability of English reading comprehe
images/000017410.jpg	py to have a conversation with their king
images/000017411.jpg	s. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy buildi
images/000017412.jpg	s that young generation is keen on are disgusti
images/000017413.jpg	unch president of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly
images/000017414.jpg	ea. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to k
images/000017415.jpg	h affect a person's growth. One is family, and 
images/000017416.jpg	 how a butterfly would struggle to trans
images/000017417.jpg	 well in the exam. I want to be happy all the tim
images/000017418.jpg	 free the firefly and moved to a nearby cave.T
images/000017419.jpg	rents may not be in favor of their children's 
images/000017420.jpg	ren's first teachers, so family does play a
images/000017421.jpg	 forest. He was going to eat it for his lun
images/000017422.jpg	lso bring presents to animal children?” Emily ask
images/000017423.jpg	o the edge of the forest and searched there f
images/000017424.jpg	t places were so happy to have a conversation 
images/000017425.jpg	enerations gathering around the televisio
images/000017426.jpg	keep their minds open to each other's ou
images/000017427.jpg	 pleasant characters. If we say that families o
images/000017428.jpg	ul English LearnerAlmost all the students need
images/000017429.jpg	n, the price has been marked down over and o
images/000017430.jpg	ime zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and ch
images/000017431.jpg	n on friends and relatives without previous invi
images/000017432.jpg	children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget ab
images/000017433.jpg	s more than ten times up, indicating computers 
images/000017434.jpg	n his friends due to anger. He invited all 
images/000017435.jpg	 the fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty a
images/000017436.jpg	ition, the price has been marked down over a
images/000017437.jpg	or butterflies decided to help the butter
images/000017438.jpg	d many pilgrim centres and could see his
images/000017439.jpg	ut Emily also didn’t know much about Christ
images/000017440.jpg	my paper to my parents, they are so happy to see
images/000017441.jpg	le and weird clothes. Young people eithe
images/000017442.jpg	ove my skills.Second I will go to my grandma's h
images/000017443.jpg	coon to make larger opening for the butter
images/000017444.jpg	es' family. In China, children live with t
images/000017445.jpg	ind us of the meaning of humanism. If we treat
images/000017446.jpg	get the sufficient quantity of leather and i
images/000017447.jpg	gh space aided by a galaxyful of fellow t
images/000017448.jpg	ise man from the ministry came to the ki
images/000017449.jpg	y that he visited many pilgrim centres and co
images/000017450.jpg	 and had a swollen body with small and withere
images/000017451.jpg	was reduced and the day arrived when no nail 
images/000017452.jpg	 One of the monkeys said, “I wish we cou
images/000017453.jpg	ng from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours.
images/000017454.jpg	for the butterfly and removed the remaining coco
images/000017455.jpg	uld come out of the cocoon. He was watching t
images/000017456.jpg	eThe computer is a wonderful machine. Today 
images/000017457.jpg	he nails drove him to hammer in the fence 
images/000017458.jpg	 shell for several hours. He spent almost mor
images/000017459.jpg	 get out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, t
images/000017460.jpg	is anger. Several days passed and the boy was 
images/000017461.jpg	t to be happy all the time. But I have pu
images/000017462.jpg	two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally ou
images/000017463.jpg	listen to the sparrow. They continued to blow at
images/000017464.jpg	xpand the wings, shrink the body and the wings 
images/000017465.jpg	 personality. Friends are the connections betwee
images/000017466.jpg	ng computers are playing a more and more import
images/000017467.jpg	s more than ten times up, indicating computers
images/000017468.jpg	ey reached a river on the road.Unfortuna
images/000017469.jpg	l into the river and wasted all the bags of salt 
images/000017470.jpg	eared with his little niece Emily and intr
images/000017471.jpg	 nothing the merchant could do, except return ho
images/000017472.jpg	his first trip by foot to longer distance
images/000017473.jpg	pull out a few nails. The fence never look the 
images/000017474.jpg	hilarious and accepted to do what his fathe
images/000017475.jpg	amilies offer children warmth, care and shelt
images/000017476.jpg	e sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys 
images/000017477.jpg	er the nails and decided to control his tem
images/000017478.jpg	hours with the cocoon and the butterfly. Th
images/000017479.jpg	 decided to travel by foot to interact with
images/000017480.jpg	rous to visitors who can drop in on frien
images/000017481.jpg	hey had a very prosperous life with abundance o
images/000017482.jpg	e in favor of their children's hairstyle and w
images/000017483.jpg	ty and I were busy building a snowman wh
images/000017484.jpg	ther consoled him in many ways to give up his an
images/000017485.jpg	liberately, the donkey fell into the river a
images/000017486.jpg	uld not find food. Finally he went to the edge o
images/000017487.jpg	e got a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon t
images/000017488.jpg	arents may not be in favor of their chil
images/000017489.jpg	lving human problems.There are many examples tha
images/000017490.jpg	ritz appeared with his little niece Emily an
images/000017491.jpg	nd had a swollen body with small and withered 
images/000017492.jpg	m plays an important role in the maintenance 
images/000017493.jpg	verbank, now deliberately, the donkey fell into
images/000017494.jpg	e meaning of humanism. If we treat our fe
images/000017495.jpg	ract with his people and accompany them. Peopl
images/000017496.jpg	' family. In China, children live with th
images/000017497.jpg	ords for good. Use them to embrace the relation
images/000017498.jpg	food in the tree trunk while he cut down trees i
images/000017499.jpg	lock of fireflies. One of the young monke
images/000017500.jpg	fortunately, the donkey slipped and fell int
images/000017501.jpg	iver and noticed that the bags of salt loade
images/000017502.jpg	exists in our daily life, whether you admit it
images/000017503.jpg	nd he was quite eager to watch the butterfly
images/000017504.jpg	 and upset. He told himself, “I wish that I h
images/000017505.jpg	ould learn to understand their children a
images/000017506.jpg	s it was his first trip by foot to longer dist
images/000017507.jpg	favor of their children's hairstyle and weird cl
images/000017508.jpg	He told his father that it was several days tha
images/000017509.jpg	't be intimidated even though you find other
images/000017510.jpg	to household duties, including the children. Ch
images/000017511.jpg	 up in happy families tend to have many p
images/000017512.jpg	uld have emerged like any other beautiful butter
images/000017513.jpg	 the fence was reduced to half. The little
images/000017514.jpg	he first day! Every time he lost his temper, he 
images/000017515.jpg	ster. He ordered for a pair of leather shoes fo
images/000017516.jpg	would become lighter and smaller and the w
images/000017517.jpg	he same tree. She noticed what they were
images/000017518.jpg	s were your bad temper and they were hamm
images/000017519.jpg	little boy lived with his father and mothe
images/000017520.jpg	n the Tree TrunkOnce upon a time, there was 
images/000017521.jpg	ening.The Importance of HumanismHumanism
images/000017522.jpg	to change this for the betterment and happi
images/000017523.jpg	f-work actor.Together, this dynamic pai
images/000017524.jpg	l hours. He spent almost more than 10 hours with 
images/000017525.jpg	hat it was several days that he did not hammer a
images/000017526.jpg	ts may not be in favor of their children's h
images/000017527.jpg	ng. It meant that the butterfly was trying to 
images/000017528.jpg	ut the people who used to walk along those roads
images/000017529.jpg	ere he loaded his donkey with more bags of sal
images/000017530.jpg	with more bags of salt. As they reached the slip
images/000017531.jpg	little boy lived with his father and mother. He
images/000017532.jpg	 trip by foot to longer distance. He comp
images/000017533.jpg	s beautiful wings.He thought that at any 
images/000017534.jpg	change this for the betterment and happiness of
images/000017535.jpg	s from the fence. However, there remained a few 
images/000017536.jpg	dy convert into wings. Thus, the body woul
images/000017537.jpg	they were hammered on people. You can remo
images/000017538.jpg	of distant places were so happy to have a convers
images/000017539.jpg	 I will go to my grandma's house,because I mis
images/000017540.jpg	butterfly. He got a pair of scissors and tweaked 
images/000017541.jpg	I don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never se
images/000017542.jpg	lized what the sparrow had said was correct.Th
images/000017543.jpg	Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom A
images/000017544.jpg	 a man with a knife, but the wound will remain t
images/000017545.jpg	 the civilized world humanism plays an important 
images/000017546.jpg	e narrowed down in time. Both sides shoul
images/000017547.jpg	e price has been marked down over and ov
images/000017548.jpg	father appreciated him and asked him point
images/000017549.jpg	ow your heart!”A Merchant and his DonkeyShort 
images/000017550.jpg	 butterflies and had a craze for its wonder
images/000017551.jpg	 fly with its beautiful wings.He thought that at
images/000017552.jpg	ily Life in ChinaThe members in a Chines
images/000017553.jpg	emove the nails but still see the holes in the f
images/000017554.jpg	ry. No matter how hard he tried, the fox could no
images/000017555.jpg	he wings expanded or enlarged nor the swollen 
images/000017556.jpg	for them. The parents of the little boy wer
images/000017557.jpg	er beautiful and had a swollen body with sm
images/000017558.jpg	ivities. The more you speak, the better y
images/000017559.jpg	 things more quickly. Further more, it gives us
images/000017560.jpg	people leading a propitious life. Howeve
images/000017561.jpg	d - what was his alternative idea. The minist
images/000017562.jpg	 us. “She doesn’t know much about our wi
images/000017563.jpg	are hospitable. The family gathers togeth
images/000017564.jpg	ing. Unfortunately, even after continuou
images/000017565.jpg	the planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a 
images/000017566.jpg	ed kids, neighbours and even his friends due 
images/000017567.jpg	ot hammer any nail and he did not lose hi
images/000017568.jpg	 out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, th
images/000017569.jpg	and the wings, shrink the body and the win
images/000017570.jpg	ggle!Unfortunately, the butterfly looked no lon
images/000017571.jpg	your bad temper and they were hammered on people
images/000017572.jpg	 are children's first teachers, so family 
images/000017573.jpg	 how hard he tried, the fox could not find food. 
images/000017574.jpg	h.I want to stay with her for several days.L
images/000017575.jpg	arent in the story of "The Right Son at the 
images/000017576.jpg	d tweaked the cocoon to make larger openi
images/000017577.jpg	fore Earth is demolished to make way for a galact
images/000017578.jpg	 who can drop in on friends and relatives withou
images/000017579.jpg	r all the answers, stick your thumb to the s
images/000017580.jpg	, this dynamic pair began a journey through s
images/000017581.jpg	st and the fierce market competition, the
images/000017582.jpg	Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last fifte
images/000017583.jpg	s trying to make its way to enjoy its worl
images/000017584.jpg	ear to the elders' experience-based advic
images/000017585.jpg	e him to hammer in the fence for 30 times 
images/000017586.jpg	 oral activities. The more you speak, the 
images/000017587.jpg	imself, “I wish that I had thought a little bef
images/000017588.jpg	like playing soccer.During the summer holiday, 
images/000017589.jpg	s feet as it was his first trip by foot to longer
images/000017590.jpg	 families offer children warmth, care and 
images/000017591.jpg	er and noticed that the bags of salt loaded on
images/000017592.jpg	the same! It has scars all over! You can sta
images/000017593.jpg	oon with tiny opening. It meant that the butter
images/000017594.jpg	there forever. Your bad temper and anger were lik
images/000017595.jpg	ars!Summer holiday is coming.I am going to do m
images/000017596.jpg	 the maintenance of our society. Humanism 
images/000017597.jpg	d wasted all the bags of salt on its back agai
images/000017598.jpg	fficient quantity of leather and it would cost a 
images/000017599.jpg	 involves several reasons. With the rapid prog
images/000017600.jpg	ld as it is, so they are the dearest parts
images/000017601.jpg	 for food. Suddenly he caught sight of a b
images/000017602.jpg	soldier extended a helping hand to the old ma
images/000017603.jpg	 his donkey were walking along together. The
images/000017604.jpg	n to each other's outlooks on the world, th
images/000017605.jpg	, there was no progress. It seemed that the 
images/000017606.jpg	dren's character. As parents, they should lear
images/000017607.jpg	ne nail to the fence every time he became an
images/000017608.jpg	ttention to our fellows. Occasional examples of h
images/000017609.jpg	 temper. The boy used to get angry very soon and 
images/000017610.jpg	matter how hard he tried, the fox could not find
images/000017611.jpg	he hole and when he opened the package, he
images/000017612.jpg	. Parents may not be in favor of their child
images/000017613.jpg	talk over their problems with each other a
images/000017614.jpg	person's growth. There are two apparent factors w
images/000017615.jpg	 for successful English learning is perseveran
images/000017616.jpg	.I am going to do many things that I want to 
images/000017617.jpg	Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost 
images/000017618.jpg	decided to leave the trunk and drink some water 
images/000017619.jpg	xists in our daily life, whether you admi
images/000017620.jpg	talk over their problems with each other active
images/000017621.jpg	 humanism. If we treat our fellows with 
images/000017622.jpg	rance in face of hardship. Don't be intimida
images/000017623.jpg	ed to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it i
images/000017624.jpg	tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening 
images/000017625.jpg	eir harmony and unity. Each member of the family 
images/000017626.jpg	” Emily asked.Short Stories - Christmas Surpr
images/000017627.jpg	closer attention to our fellows. Occasional exam
images/000017628.jpg	he tree trunk while he cut down trees in the f
images/000017629.jpg	 old generation is too conservative to accept an
images/000017630.jpg	 how hard he tried, the fox could not find f
images/000017631.jpg	re was a hungry fox that was looking for s
images/000017632.jpg	rest and searched there for food. Suddenly he
images/000017633.jpg	pull out a few nails. The fence never loo
images/000017634.jpg	 being. Some think that maybe the old generat
images/000017635.jpg	old consisting of three generations is common.Ch
images/000017636.jpg	taken into account. These different idea
images/000017637.jpg	t for many years. I guess he is too busy v
images/000017638.jpg	gs expanded or enlarged nor the swollen b
images/000017639.jpg	even his friends due to anger. He invited all wo
images/000017640.jpg	ttle boy were very depressed due to his ba
images/000017641.jpg	.What will you do on Summer Holiday?When
images/000017642.jpg	 three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunc
images/000017643.jpg	ty. Each member of the family contributes to 
images/000017644.jpg	erent ideas disturb both of them. Most of the th
images/000017645.jpg	s the story of a butterfly that was never able 
images/000017646.jpg	e his temper!Now, his father told him to remove
images/000017647.jpg	fficult to hammer the nails and decided to cont
images/000017648.jpg	.What has led to this phenomenon? As fa
images/000017649.jpg	ere were a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit 
images/000017650.jpg	ngs is the family in which he will grow up. Paren
images/000017651.jpg	open to each other's outlooks on the world, the g
images/000017652.jpg	le in the maintenance of our society. Humanism 
images/000017653.jpg	e story of "The Right Son at the Right Tim
images/000017654.jpg	tz said to Emily. “So forget about the whole i
images/000017655.jpg	In fact, he used to spend a lot of time aro
images/000017656.jpg	re are two apparent factors which affect a perso
images/000017657.jpg	. He continued to watch the butterfly and 
images/000017658.jpg	mered to the fence was reduced and the day arri
images/000017659.jpg	family does play an important role in shapin
images/000017660.jpg	with respect and tolerance, many things may tur
images/000017661.jpg	y were very depressed due to his bad temper. The 
images/000017662.jpg	r many years. I guess he is too busy visit
images/000017663.jpg	made the butterfly come out of the cocoo
images/000017664.jpg	il to the fence every time he became angry and 
images/000017665.jpg	iend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail 
images/000017666.jpg	his first trip by foot to longer distance. H
images/000017667.jpg	ught sight of a big tree with a hole in it.In
images/000017668.jpg	et’s go home now before you catch a cold.”
images/000017669.jpg	ides should talk over their problems with each 
images/000017670.jpg	 silent night. The weather was freezing.
images/000017671.jpg	l the ballpoint pens he's bought over the y
images/000017672.jpg	d had a swollen body with small and withered 
images/000017673.jpg	ery difficult to hammer the nails and decided to 
images/000017674.jpg	Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's gi
images/000017675.jpg	 hammered on the fence was reduced to half.
images/000017676.jpg	e who grow up in happy families tend to ha
images/000017677.jpg	he family in which he will grow up. Parents
images/000017678.jpg	ays an important role in the maintenance of
images/000017679.jpg	 in the fence. Again, you cannot pull ou
images/000017680.jpg	. He put it under a dry leaf and started blowi
images/000017681.jpg	 He asked his son to hammer one nail to the
images/000017682.jpg	families tend to have many pleasant characte
images/000017683.jpg	 difficult for one who sets his mind on it.
images/000017684.jpg	st and searched there for food. Suddenly he cau
images/000017685.jpg	ents even after they get married. So a household 
images/000017686.jpg	rop in on friends and relatives without previous
images/000017687.jpg	d its best and could not give any more t
images/000017688.jpg	e. But I have put so much pressure on myse
images/000017689.jpg	rgo any struggle, we won’t be able to fly!C
images/000017690.jpg	few days, the number of nails hammered on
images/000017691.jpg	ed his son to hammer one nail to the fence 
images/000017692.jpg	. The fence never look the same! It has scars al
images/000017693.jpg	ble. The family gathers together to celeb
images/000017694.jpg	gency, humanism can be as important as ac
images/000017695.jpg	an 10 hours with the cocoon and the butter
images/000017696.jpg	children's character. As parents, they should lea
images/000017697.jpg	so didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who is Sa
images/000017698.jpg	cline of cost and the fierce market competitio
images/000017699.jpg	airstyle and weird clothes. Young people either
images/000017700.jpg	y, the butterfly just crawled around with withe
images/000017701.jpg	 transform from an ugly caterpillar into a
images/000017702.jpg	iday, I want to practice more to improve my skill
images/000017703.jpg	civilized world humanism plays an important role 
images/000017704.jpg	outh and has never seen snow before,” Frit
images/000017705.jpg	rrowed down in time. Both sides should talk over
images/000017706.jpg	 more important role in modern life.What has
images/000017707.jpg	e water. But instead of the load becoming 
images/000017708.jpg	e. The hungry fox immediately thought that
images/000017709.jpg	well in the exam. I want to be happy all the t
images/000017710.jpg	ge, he saw there were a lot of food, bread, mea
images/000017711.jpg	used a great deal. There is a drastic increase o
images/000017712.jpg	ople's ideas are not cut from the same cloth. 
images/000017713.jpg	’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, 
images/000017714.jpg	emained a few nails that the boy could not pull o
images/000017715.jpg	ulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't 
images/000017716.jpg	in the exam, I will show my paper to my pa
images/000017717.jpg	he fox happily began to eat. After the fox had f
images/000017718.jpg	nly going through the struggles the butte
images/000017719.jpg	f human goodness can remind us of the meaning o
images/000017720.jpg	 and noticed that the bags of salt loaded on 
images/000017721.jpg	mper. The boy used to get angry very soon and 
images/000017722.jpg	 man, who had a passion and love for butt
images/000017723.jpg	tition, the price has been marked down over and
images/000017724.jpg	as Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been
images/000017725.jpg	lly depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a 
images/000017726.jpg	ly, the butterfly just crawled around with 
images/000017727.jpg	he sparrow continued: “I think all of you sho
images/000017728.jpg	uld have some ideal qualities to succeed in Engli
images/000017729.jpg	the fox had eaten so much food that he became to
images/000017730.jpg	ey had not walked far when they reached a river
images/000017731.jpg	 did it with good intention, only going th
images/000017732.jpg	eal qualities to succeed in English learning. I
images/000017733.jpg	he galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), 
images/000017734.jpg	ater from a nearby spring. However, no matter
images/000017735.jpg	p the lines of communications with them ope
images/000017736.jpg	 warmth, care and shelter, while friends gi
images/000017737.jpg	 talk to English-speakers, attend seminars, write
images/000017738.jpg	re now widely applied in almost every field
images/000017739.jpg	- Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he ha
images/000017740.jpg	you want to kill the holy animal cow to cover
images/000017741.jpg	ve different opinions on the reasons why generat
images/000017742.jpg	 to the market in order to sell them. The 
images/000017743.jpg	dom were very happy as they had a very prosp
images/000017744.jpg	eds and seeks rational ways of solving h
images/000017745.jpg	s of solving human problems.There are ma
images/000017746.jpg	his words. His bad temper made him fall f
images/000017747.jpg	in appropriate shape to cover your feet?’The 
images/000017748.jpg	ther, with several generations gathering aroun
images/000017749.jpg	hey are so happy to see me do well in the exa
images/000017750.jpg	he maintenance of our society. Humanism calls fo
images/000017751.jpg	ctivities. The more you speak, the better your 
images/000017752.jpg	ed to get angry very soon and taunt others wi
images/000017753.jpg	od Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-arm
images/000017754.jpg	 now deliberately, the donkey fell into the ri
images/000017755.jpg	hat he did not hammer any nail and he did 
images/000017756.jpg	zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and 
images/000017757.jpg	e butterfly would have emerged like any other 
images/000017758.jpg	 were like that! Words are more painful than ph
images/000017759.jpg	er in the holidays.What will you do on Summ
images/000017760.jpg	s it is, so they are the dearest parts in 
images/000017761.jpg	atter how hard he tried, the fox could not find f
images/000017762.jpg	ing to make its way to enjoy its world. He decid
images/000017763.jpg	 not hammer any nail and he did not lose his te
images/000017764.jpg	, there was no progress. It seemed that th
images/000017765.jpg	y with small and withered wings.The man was happ
images/000017766.jpg	anism can be as important as actual medical t
images/000017767.jpg	was going to eat it for his lunch.The fox
images/000017768.jpg	married. So a household consisting of three 
images/000017769.jpg	 obsessed with the disappearance of all the
images/000017770.jpg	 a journey through space aided by a galaxy
images/000017771.jpg	 merchant and his donkey were walking al
images/000017772.jpg	m, myself.”“Neither have I,” Harry added, 
images/000017773.jpg	xample of humanistic behavior. In the event of a 
images/000017774.jpg	al days that he did not hammer any nail and h
images/000017775.jpg	I have put so much pressure on myself. One d
images/000017776.jpg	 Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she a
images/000017777.jpg	ere are many examples that demonstrate huma
images/000017778.jpg	nce never look the same! It has scars all over! Y
images/000017779.jpg	rn a deaf ear to the elders' experience-
images/000017780.jpg	explained, “brings presents and toys to huma
images/000017781.jpg	herefore, I want to help her in the holid
images/000017782.jpg	ous life with abundance of wealth and no
images/000017783.jpg	re struggles. He continued to watch the b
images/000017784.jpg	axy who, for the last fifteen years, has b
images/000017785.jpg	they are so happy to see me do well in the exa
images/000017786.jpg	eal to different generations. Those who grow u
images/000017787.jpg	assed and the boy was able to pull out mo
images/000017788.jpg	utterfly would have emerged like any other
images/000017789.jpg	arry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy build
images/000017790.jpg	s before Earth is demolished to make way
images/000017791.jpg	eflies. One of the young monkeys thought 
images/000017792.jpg	r beautiful and had a swollen body with 
images/000017793.jpg	aw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant th
images/000017794.jpg	 he also bring presents to animal childr
images/000017795.jpg	hen making some embarrassing mistakes.In short
images/000017796.jpg	 happy to have a conversation with their ki
images/000017797.jpg	pring. However, no matter how hard he tried, h
images/000017798.jpg	 qualities to succeed in English learning. I
images/000017799.jpg	r, there remained a few nails that the boy could
images/000017800.jpg	l the students need English and they need it for
images/000017801.jpg	the rough path.He said he was very much 
images/000017802.jpg	we say that families offer the environment
images/000017803.jpg	ts need English and they need it for differen
images/000017804.jpg	imal cow to cover the road with leather? 
images/000017805.jpg	ations. Those who grow up in happy families t
images/000017806.jpg	 was the only son for them. The parents 
images/000017807.jpg	er one nail to the fence every time he beca
images/000017808.jpg	r actively, sincerely and frankly.Who I
images/000017809.jpg	several days.Last I will help my mother do
images/000017810.jpg	sh textbooks or jonrnals and attend English 
images/000017811.jpg	anism is a system of beliefs that focuses on com
images/000017812.jpg	o well in the exam. I want to be happy all the
images/000017813.jpg	presents to animal children?” Emily asked.Sh
images/000017814.jpg	s, he returned to the palace. He was quite happ
images/000017815.jpg	fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-head
images/000017816.jpg	 After the fox had finished eating, he fel
images/000017817.jpg	, thanks to the decline of cost and the fierce ma
images/000017818.jpg	 fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the
images/000017819.jpg	et?’The king was very much surprised by h
images/000017820.jpg	f a butterfly that was never able to live
images/000017821.jpg	“So forget about the whole idea. Let’s go 
images/000017822.jpg	ention, only going through the struggles t
images/000017823.jpg	scovered the donkey’s trick. He then returned
images/000017824.jpg	 It was never able to fly all through its 
images/000017825.jpg	pt anything new. Their voices are not taken 
images/000017826.jpg	she also has to work. Therefore, I want to help h
images/000017827.jpg	 nothing the merchant could do, except r
images/000017828.jpg	ip. Don't be intimidated even though you find 
images/000017829.jpg	to sell them. The merchant and his donkey wer
images/000017830.jpg	ormer graduate student obsessed with the disa
images/000017831.jpg	LifeThe computer is a wonderful machine.
images/000017832.jpg	he foolish, tricky donkey again set on its wa
images/000017833.jpg	 much.I want to stay with her for severa
images/000017834.jpg	never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She doe
images/000017835.jpg	nts need English and they need it for different p
images/000017836.jpg	riends one can get into the society and become s
images/000017837.jpg	tely, even after continuous attempts for sever
images/000017838.jpg	ence was reduced to half. The little boy found it
images/000017839.jpg	of nails. He asked his son to hammer one 
images/000017840.jpg	casional examples of human goodness can remind u
images/000017841.jpg	omes into being. Some think that maybe the old ge
images/000017842.jpg	number climbs more than ten times up, indic
images/000017843.jpg	accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. D
images/000017844.jpg	om Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail pa
images/000017845.jpg	ot find food. Finally he went to the edge of the
images/000017846.jpg	t find food. Finally he went to the edge of th
images/000017847.jpg	ractice more to improve my skills.Second I will 
images/000017848.jpg	inging to its branches. One of the monkeys said
images/000017849.jpg	r told, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy animal 
images/000017850.jpg	 his anger. Several days passed and the boy was
images/000017851.jpg	 paper to my parents, they are so happy to
images/000017852.jpg	were very depressed due to his bad temper. The bo
images/000017853.jpg	 Finally, the boy’s father came up with an id
images/000017854.jpg	 think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, my
images/000017855.jpg	lourful butterfly comes from an unappealing wo
images/000017856.jpg	ed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former grad
images/000017857.jpg	 immediately thought that there might be f
images/000017858.jpg	want to be happy all the time. But I hav
images/000017859.jpg	ery soon and taunt others with his words. His ba
images/000017860.jpg	f cost and the fierce market competition,
images/000017861.jpg	our spoken English will be. Nothing in the wor
images/000017862.jpg	ails from the fence. However, there remaine
images/000017863.jpg	ed all worries for his parents through the 
images/000017864.jpg	visiting all the human children to have much time
images/000017865.jpg	astic increase of the hours that people spend on 
images/000017866.jpg	ge, he saw there were a lot of food, bread, me
images/000017867.jpg	t in appropriate shape to cover your feet?
images/000017868.jpg	 you can just have a piece of leather cut in app
images/000017869.jpg	s father and mother. He was the only son
images/000017870.jpg	der as it would destroy the life of thou
images/000017871.jpg	 tricky donkey again set on its way. On reachin
images/000017872.jpg	s he had controlled his anger. Several days pass
images/000017873.jpg	e. They were clinging to its branches. One of 
images/000017874.jpg	ile he cut down trees in the forest. He was
images/000017875.jpg	r human children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So for
images/000017876.jpg	e with their parents even after they get
images/000017877.jpg	can stab a man with a knife, but the wound w
images/000017878.jpg	m open, at the same time they must keep in min
images/000017879.jpg	student obsessed with the disappearance of
images/000017880.jpg	I do well in the exam, I will show my paper to my
images/000017881.jpg	 stab a man with a knife, but the wound will 
images/000017882.jpg	president of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tric
images/000017883.jpg	 same tree. She noticed what they were doing. The
images/000017884.jpg	he verbal usage. While he forgot what he spok
images/000017885.jpg	rchant could do, except return home where he load
images/000017886.jpg	n out for the better. Humanism makes the world
images/000017887.jpg	t. The monkeys were sitting on the same tree. She
images/000017888.jpg	' experience-based advice or set themselves 
images/000017889.jpg	and they need it for different purposes. Some st
images/000017890.jpg	he butterfly fly with its beautiful wings.
images/000017891.jpg	terfly. He got a pair of scissors and tweaked
images/000017892.jpg	 ordered for a pair of leather shoes for 
images/000017893.jpg	rent opinions on the reasons why generation gap 
images/000017894.jpg	ng people either turn a deaf ear to the elders' e
images/000017895.jpg	at deal. There is a drastic increase of the
images/000017896.jpg	Chinese families tend to socialize together,
images/000017897.jpg	e said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a firef
images/000017898.jpg	and asked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you
images/000017899.jpg	 Thus, the body would become lighter and sma
images/000017900.jpg	t expand the wings, shrink the body and t
images/000017901.jpg	y.The man, who had a passion and love fo
images/000017902.jpg	e for food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tre
images/000017903.jpg	entres at distant places. He decided to 
images/000017904.jpg	ow. They continued to blow at our poor firefly.
images/000017905.jpg	 returned to the palace. He was quite happy that
images/000017906.jpg	"The Right Son at the Right Time". The sol
images/000017907.jpg	It makes us do things more quickly. Furt
images/000017908.jpg	e people.His ministers were stunned to hear his 
images/000017909.jpg	The little boy found it very difficult t
images/000017910.jpg	ren. Chinese families tend to socialize tog
images/000017911.jpg	r successful English learning is persever
images/000017912.jpg	rrassed when making some embarrassing mi
images/000017913.jpg	rvative to accept anything new. Their vo
images/000017914.jpg	 with abundance of wealth and no misfortunes.Th
images/000017915.jpg	the butterfly might expand the wings, shrink t
images/000017916.jpg	vision.How to Be a Successful English Learn
images/000017917.jpg	he king was very much surprised by his s
images/000017918.jpg	t of the nails from the fence. However, 
images/000017919.jpg	 into account. These different ideas disturb
images/000017920.jpg	tive to accept anything new. Their voices are 
images/000017921.jpg	. On reaching the river he again fell into the w
images/000017922.jpg	 father about the same.  The father apprec
images/000017923.jpg	ey are so happy to see me do well in the exam
images/000017924.jpg	res and keeps our minds open to better ways of se
images/000017925.jpg	 he visited many pilgrim centres and could
images/000017926.jpg	glish lectures, while some students need to 
images/000017927.jpg	' experience-based advice or set themselves 
images/000017928.jpg	her told him to remove the nails every day a
images/000017929.jpg	y are respectively more than in other cou
images/000017930.jpg	erials, which can also help accumulate and
images/000017931.jpg	airstyle and weird clothes. Young people eithe
images/000017932.jpg	en though you find others speaking English bet
images/000017933.jpg	a wonderful machine. Today it is used a gre
images/000017934.jpg	molished to make way for a galactic freeway, Art
images/000017935.jpg	But I have put so much pressure on myself. One d
images/000017936.jpg	vior. In the event of a life-threatening emerge
images/000017937.jpg	le country with leather so that people might 
images/000017938.jpg	ery stony. He could not tolerate the pain 
images/000017939.jpg	. If we treat our fellows with respect and
images/000017940.jpg	acting with friends one can get into the 
images/000017941.jpg	t would be painful for them too!He made an 
images/000017942.jpg	n a word, families offer children warmth, car
images/000017943.jpg	l butterfly comes from an unappealing wor
images/000017944.jpg	o the water. But instead of the load becoming lig
images/000017945.jpg	tired when I was go to school. Except for taki
images/000017946.jpg	olerable pain in his feet as it was his first
images/000017947.jpg	raduate student obsessed with the disappearan
images/000017948.jpg	 temper made him fall for angry words. H
images/000017949.jpg	ere are these pens? Why are we born? Why 
images/000017950.jpg	 clothes. Young people either turn a deaf
images/000017951.jpg	, the number of nails hammered on the fence
images/000017952.jpg	e time they must keep in mind that different th
images/000017953.jpg	r? Rather, you can just have a piece of leath
images/000017954.jpg	e nails every day as he had controlled his anger.
images/000017955.jpg	 to come out through the tiny opening. Unf
images/000017956.jpg	im centres and could see his fellow people le
images/000017957.jpg	in the exam, I will show my paper to my parents, 
images/000017958.jpg	nglish well. In order to improve the ability of E
images/000017959.jpg	ce for 30 times on the first day! Every 
images/000017960.jpg	ather about the same.  The father appreciated 
images/000017961.jpg	ranging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hou
images/000017962.jpg	aning of humanism. If we treat our fellows wit
images/000017963.jpg	was a cold and silent night. The weather 
images/000017964.jpg	end a lot of time around butterflies. He k
images/000017965.jpg	e verbal usage. While he forgot what he spoke in
images/000017966.jpg	es up, indicating computers are playing a 
images/000017967.jpg	erfly might expand the wings, shrink the body 
images/000017968.jpg	fect a person's growth. One is family, and
images/000017969.jpg	rfly and removed the remaining cocoon. Th
images/000017970.jpg	d, he could not get out of the hole. Do you
images/000017971.jpg	es up, indicating computers are playing a 
images/000017972.jpg	others with his words. His bad temper made 
images/000017973.jpg	first teachers, so family does play an import
images/000017974.jpg	me out of the cocoon without any more struggles
images/000017975.jpg	r important part in shaping children's personal
images/000017976.jpg	 that he did not hammer any nail and he 
images/000017977.jpg	istmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I wer
images/000017978.jpg	. Finally, the boy’s father came up with an
images/000017979.jpg	urned out Emily also didn’t know much about
images/000017980.jpg	re proud that their king was so kind with 
images/000017981.jpg	e! It has scars all over! You can stab a
images/000017982.jpg	ot to interact with his people and accompany them
images/000017983.jpg	mes into being. Some think that maybe the o
images/000017984.jpg	er seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She d
images/000017985.jpg	can drop in on friends and relatives without 
images/000017986.jpg	urprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t bee
images/000017987.jpg	her the wings expanded or enlarged nor the
images/000017988.jpg	s to give up his anger and develop kindnes
images/000017989.jpg	 will help my mother do some housework. S
images/000017990.jpg	 days passed and the boy was able to pull out 
images/000017991.jpg	d chronically depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig,
images/000017992.jpg	Almost all the students need English and the
images/000017993.jpg	fell into the river and wasted all the bags of 
images/000017994.jpg	ys to give up his anger and develop kindness
images/000017995.jpg	his fellow people leading a propitious life. How
images/000017996.jpg	angry and to lose his temper. The little boy f
images/000017997.jpg	applauded the minister. He ordered for a pa
images/000017998.jpg	. The parents of the little boy were very 
images/000017999.jpg	 few nails. The fence never look the same!
images/000018000.jpg	e boy used to get angry very soon and taunt
images/000018001.jpg	not lose his temper. He told his father that it
images/000018002.jpg	them open, at the same time they must keep 
images/000018003.jpg	atter how hard he tried, the fox could not f
images/000018004.jpg	 the world, the gap between them will be narrowed
images/000018005.jpg	always friendly, welcoming, and generous to v
images/000018006.jpg	at young generation is keen on are disgus
images/000018007.jpg	d to socialize together, with several ge
images/000018008.jpg	g, a merchant loaded his donkey with bags
images/000018009.jpg	ly had been struggling very hard for hours to
images/000018010.jpg	y. He jumped into the hole and when he opene
images/000018011.jpg	e was really tired when I was go to school. Excep
images/000018012.jpg	oy the life of thousands of cows to get t
images/000018013.jpg	erchant loaded his donkey with bags of salt to g
images/000018014.jpg	shaping children's personality. Friends are 
images/000018015.jpg	 began a journey through space aided by 
images/000018016.jpg	butterfly looked no longer beautiful and had
images/000018017.jpg	ade the butterfly come out of the cocoon
images/000018018.jpg	 get the sufficient quantity of leather and it wo
images/000018019.jpg	into account. These different ideas disturb 
images/000018020.jpg	r his lunch.The fox happily began to eat. A
images/000018021.jpg	. Today it is used a great deal. There is a d
images/000018022.jpg	e butterfly would have emerged like any ot
images/000018023.jpg	eneration gap comes into being. Some think 
images/000018024.jpg	s DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a merchan
images/000018025.jpg	was freezing. A group of monkeys were on a tree
images/000018026.jpg	re doing. The sparrow laughed. She said, “H
images/000018027.jpg	ountless factors may influence a person's gr
images/000018028.jpg	r! You can stab a man with a knife, but th
images/000018029.jpg	utterfly come out of the cocoon without any more
images/000018030.jpg	rtain friends. The household is always frie
images/000018031.jpg	nished eating, he felt thirsty and decided to l
images/000018032.jpg	fter one was born, the first surroundings is the
images/000018033.jpg	 You can remove the nails but still see 
images/000018034.jpg	old duties, including the children. Chinese fam
images/000018035.jpg	ith its beautiful wings.He thought that at a
images/000018036.jpg	actors which affect a person's growth. One is fam
images/000018037.jpg	ue to anger. He invited all worries for his pare
images/000018038.jpg	em. Most of the things that young generation
images/000018039.jpg	 children's personality. Friends are the connect
images/000018040.jpg	he same.  The father appreciated him and ask
images/000018041.jpg	teract with his people and accompany them. People
images/000018042.jpg	nd over again so that many people can af
images/000018043.jpg	tudents need English and they need it for 
images/000018044.jpg	nger. He invited all worries for his parents
images/000018045.jpg	g man's actions were the example of humani
images/000018046.jpg	 before you catch a cold.”Change Yourself and 
images/000018047.jpg	 it, and he became very happy. He jumped 
images/000018048.jpg	 need it to read English textbooks or jonrnals an
images/000018049.jpg	 instead of the load becoming lighter, it be
images/000018050.jpg	with the disappearance of all the ballpoint pe
images/000018051.jpg	rtain friends. The household is always friendly,
images/000018052.jpg	 said to Emily. “So forget about the whole idea
images/000018053.jpg	istry came to the king and said that he had anot
images/000018054.jpg	eave the trunk and drink some water from a 
images/000018055.jpg	. The sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly m
images/000018056.jpg	foot to longer distance. He complained t
images/000018057.jpg	 role in the maintenance of our society. Huma
images/000018058.jpg	p my mother do some housework. She was really t
images/000018059.jpg	tely, even after continuous attempts for se
images/000018060.jpg	 his father gave him a huge bag of nails
images/000018061.jpg	ld get access to a lot of reading materi
images/000018062.jpg	he said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly,
images/000018063.jpg	unappealing worm! Here is the story of a
images/000018064.jpg	 experience-based advice or set themselves agains
images/000018065.jpg	poses. Some students need it to read English
images/000018066.jpg	nt characters. If we say that families offer the 
images/000018067.jpg	 shell for several hours. He spent almost mor
images/000018068.jpg	0 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly. Th
images/000018069.jpg	d to sit over and watch how the butterfly w
images/000018070.jpg	 the fox had eaten so much food that he 
images/000018071.jpg	 cut down trees in the forest. He was going to
images/000018072.jpg	 the exam, they just want me to be happy. I
images/000018073.jpg	 help my mother do some housework. She was really
images/000018074.jpg	lking along together. They had not walked
images/000018075.jpg	There are many examples that demonstrate
images/000018076.jpg	or the butterfly and removed the remaining coco
images/000018077.jpg	he first surroundings is the family in which h
images/000018078.jpg	 to watch the butterfly fly with its beautiful wi
images/000018079.jpg	ding a snowman when Fritz appeared with his 
images/000018080.jpg	g thought that he had to change this for t
images/000018081.jpg	ul combination of colours. In fact, he us
images/000018082.jpg	 English will be. Nothing in the world is d
images/000018083.jpg	d toys to human children at Christmas ti
images/000018084.jpg	eld of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the
images/000018085.jpg	umanism plays an important role in the ma
images/000018086.jpg	m an unappealing worm! Here is the story of 
images/000018087.jpg	s failed. Finally, the boy’s father came
images/000018088.jpg	friend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktai
images/000018089.jpg	oo busy visiting all the human children t
images/000018090.jpg	ufficient quantity of leather and it would
images/000018091.jpg	mfortable, immediately.The king thought t
images/000018092.jpg	aid, “he hasn’t been around this part of the 
images/000018093.jpg	 of the nails from the fence. However, there rema
images/000018094.jpg	ry depressed due to his bad temper. The 
images/000018095.jpg	nfortunately, even after continuous attempts f
images/000018096.jpg	, he used to spend a lot of time around butterfli
images/000018097.jpg	e an order to cover the road of the whole count
images/000018098.jpg	uide to the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen 
images/000018099.jpg	day is coming.I am going to do many things th
images/000018100.jpg	e never look the same! It has scars all over! You
images/000018101.jpg	st fifteen years, has been posing as an out-of
images/000018102.jpg	e of our society. Humanism calls for us to
images/000018103.jpg	all worries for his parents through the verbal 
images/000018104.jpg	nto the river and wasted all the bags of sa
images/000018105.jpg	ast I will help my mother do some housework. She
images/000018106.jpg	d, “brings presents and toys to human child
images/000018107.jpg	t that he had to change this for the bette
images/000018108.jpg	r idea.The king asked - what was his alt
images/000018109.jpg	China, children live with their parents 
images/000018110.jpg	 different opinions on the reasons why ge
images/000018111.jpg	fortable and were very stony. He could not tolera
images/000018112.jpg	is order as it would destroy the life of thousand
images/000018113.jpg	 smaller and the wings would be beautiful and la
images/000018114.jpg	ood intention, only going through the struggles
images/000018115.jpg	c pair began a journey through space aide
images/000018116.jpg	e body would become lighter and smaller an
images/000018117.jpg	urs with the cocoon and the butterfly. The but
images/000018118.jpg	urned out Emily also didn’t know much abou
images/000018119.jpg	 Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick
images/000018120.jpg	e forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends an
images/000018121.jpg	 them too!He made an order to cover the 
images/000018122.jpg	 her for several days.Last I will help my moth
images/000018123.jpg	 were walking along together. They had not walked
images/000018124.jpg	down trees in the forest. He was going t
images/000018125.jpg	out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox ha
images/000018126.jpg	he was very much worried about the people who
images/000018127.jpg	 a cocktail party once upon a time zone; Mar
images/000018128.jpg	laxy who, for the last fifteen years, ha
images/000018129.jpg	Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost and the
images/000018130.jpg	family does play an important role in shap
images/000018131.jpg	same! It has scars all over! You can stab
images/000018132.jpg	Millan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried 
images/000018133.jpg	eavier.Cocoon and the ButterflyMany of us k
images/000018134.jpg	ber of nails hammered to the fence was re
images/000018135.jpg	he same cloth. Parents may not be in favor of t
images/000018136.jpg	is phenomenon? As far as I know, it involves sev
images/000018137.jpg	wn personal computers.The computer has brou
images/000018138.jpg	he fox could not find food. Finally he went to 
images/000018139.jpg	 arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet, the b
images/000018140.jpg	ease of the hours that people spend on c
images/000018141.jpg	em. The merchant and his donkey were walking alon
images/000018142.jpg	ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In
images/000018143.jpg	nversation with their king and they were proud th
images/000018144.jpg	ich affect a person's growth. One is fam
images/000018145.jpg	he rapid progressing of the society, comput
images/000018146.jpg	, meat and fruit in it!An old woodcutter had p
images/000018147.jpg	to other cultures and keeps our minds ope
images/000018148.jpg	h good intention, only going through the str
images/000018149.jpg	 in the tree trunk while he cut down tree
images/000018150.jpg	 Right Son at the Right Time". The soldier ext
images/000018151.jpg	your feet?’The king was very much surpri
images/000018152.jpg	native idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you wa
images/000018153.jpg	happy. I know I should relax myself and 
images/000018154.jpg	 reduced and the day arrived when no nail w
images/000018155.jpg	ld see his fellow people leading a propitious l
images/000018156.jpg	 was quite happy that he visited many pilg
images/000018157.jpg	ired. Now they realized what the sparrow
images/000018158.jpg	was going to eat it for his lunch.The fox hap
images/000018159.jpg	usage. While he forgot what he spoke in an
images/000018160.jpg	mered on people. You can remove the nail
images/000018161.jpg	thought that at any time, the butterfly might
images/000018162.jpg	unately, the butterfly looked no longer 
images/000018163.jpg	 he became angry and to lose his temper.
images/000018164.jpg	bal usage. While he forgot what he spoke in ange
images/000018165.jpg	o come out of its cocoon would let the f
images/000018166.jpg	 a nearby spring. However, no matter how hard he
images/000018167.jpg	they just want me to be happy. I know I should 
images/000018168.jpg	etter. Humanism makes the world a more beautif
images/000018169.jpg	painful than physical abuse! Use words for go
images/000018170.jpg	er. Humanism makes the world a more beautiful pl
images/000018171.jpg	ea. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill
images/000018172.jpg	on and the butterfly. The butterfly had been str
images/000018173.jpg	 to pick up at a cocktail party once upon a time 
images/000018174.jpg	olourful butterfly comes from an unappealing worm
images/000018175.jpg	ays and entertain friends. The household is alwa
images/000018176.jpg	e weather was freezing. A group of monke
images/000018177.jpg	turned out Emily also didn’t know much a
images/000018178.jpg	earn to understand their children and keep the 
images/000018179.jpg	ail to the fence every time he became angry and t
images/000018180.jpg	and could see his fellow people leading a propiti
images/000018181.jpg	rn, the first surroundings is the family in 
images/000018182.jpg	ely, the butterfly looked no longer beautiful 
images/000018183.jpg	vities. The more you speak, the better your
images/000018184.jpg	salt to go to the market in order to sell
images/000018185.jpg	ek, ranging from about 1.5 hours to about 1
images/000018186.jpg	uge body. It was never able to fly all throug
images/000018187.jpg	did not hammer any nail and he did not l
images/000018188.jpg	o make its way to enjoy its world. He decided
images/000018189.jpg	al examples of human goodness can remind us of 
images/000018190.jpg	 father about the same.  The father appreci
images/000018191.jpg	d requested the countrymen to wear shoes. 
images/000018192.jpg	s father about the same.  The father appreciate
images/000018193.jpg	he remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged w
images/000018194.jpg	 Modern LifeThe computer is a wonderful mach
images/000018195.jpg	entres and could see his fellow people leadi
images/000018196.jpg	ship. Don't be intimidated even though you f
images/000018197.jpg	m in many ways to give up his anger and develop k
images/000018198.jpg	places. He decided to travel by foot to in
images/000018199.jpg	ves against what the elders have been proud 
images/000018200.jpg	utterfly would struggle to transform from an ugly
images/000018201.jpg	randma's house,because I miss her very much.
images/000018202.jpg	ng thought that he had to change this for t
images/000018203.jpg	g to its branches. One of the monkeys said, “I w
images/000018204.jpg	had controlled his anger. Several days passed
images/000018205.jpg	nds and relatives without previous invita
images/000018206.jpg	y more than in other countries' family. In China,
images/000018207.jpg	ue to anger. He invited all worries for 
images/000018208.jpg	 the meaning of humanism. If we treat our fellow
images/000018209.jpg	tely, the donkey slipped and fell into the rive
images/000018210.jpg	o help the butterfly. He got a pair of scisso
images/000018211.jpg	e happy.A Hole in the FenceIn a small vi
images/000018212.jpg	ghed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that 
images/000018213.jpg	 the swollen body reduced.Unfortunately, th
images/000018214.jpg	h, care and shelter, while friends give them stre
images/000018215.jpg	rs, has been posing as an out-of-work ac
images/000018216.jpg	of the meaning of humanism. If we treat our fell
images/000018217.jpg	 happy to see me do well in the exam. I wa
images/000018218.jpg	 to Emily. “So forget about the whole ide
images/000018219.jpg	 to visitors who can drop in on friends 
images/000018220.jpg	 pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to ma
images/000018221.jpg	er opening for the butterfly and removed the re
images/000018222.jpg	, commitment and discipline to learn English
images/000018223.jpg	s mind on it.Views on Generation GapGener
images/000018224.jpg	ent almost more than 10 hours with the cocoon
images/000018225.jpg	s, the number of nails hammered on the fen
images/000018226.jpg	f we say that families offer the environment of 
images/000018227.jpg	people spend on computers per week, ranging f
images/000018228.jpg	y struggling to break the shell for several h
images/000018229.jpg	ours. In fact, he used to spend a lot of time a
images/000018230.jpg	rdered for a pair of leather shoes for him
images/000018231.jpg	e nails from the fence. However, there rem
images/000018232.jpg	p accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't 
images/000018233.jpg	nkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a merchant lo
images/000018234.jpg	 the boy did not lose his temper. He tol
images/000018235.jpg	did not lose his temper!Now, his father
images/000018236.jpg	hat it was several days that he did not hammer 
images/000018237.jpg	reading materials, which can also help accum
images/000018238.jpg	tried, the fox could not find food. Finally
images/000018239.jpg	ogether, this dynamic pair began a journey
images/000018240.jpg	r voices are not taken into account. These differ
images/000018241.jpg	Some students need it to read English textboo
images/000018242.jpg	o hammer one nail to the fence every time he
images/000018243.jpg	at the bags of salt loaded on his back became
images/000018244.jpg	 more than ten times up, indicating computers ar
images/000018245.jpg	 would destroy the life of thousands of cows t
images/000018246.jpg	 could support the body.  Unfortunately, neithe
images/000018247.jpg	f cost and the fierce market competition, the pri
images/000018248.jpg	e number of nails hammered on the fence w
images/000018249.jpg	emselves against what the elders have been p
images/000018250.jpg	everance in face of hardship. Don't be intimidate
images/000018251.jpg	nkey slipped and fell into the river and 
images/000018252.jpg	tion gap exists in our daily life, whether 
images/000018253.jpg	unately, the butterfly just crawled around 
images/000018254.jpg	fly would struggle to transform from an ugly
images/000018255.jpg	y of leather and it would cost a huge amount of
images/000018256.jpg	a wonderful machine. Today it is used a great dea
images/000018257.jpg	fly might expand the wings, shrink the bod
images/000018258.jpg	e, there was a hungry fox that was looking for 
images/000018259.jpg	y families tend to have many pleasant char
images/000018260.jpg	 a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off 
images/000018261.jpg	 that the roads weren’t comfortable and were ve
images/000018262.jpg	o leave the trunk and drink some water from a ne
images/000018263.jpg	t. After the fox had finished eating, he f
images/000018264.jpg	It was a cold and silent night. The weather was
images/000018265.jpg	.If we don’t want to undergo any struggle, we w
images/000018266.jpg	ou find others speaking English better than y
images/000018267.jpg	school. Except for taking care of me, she
images/000018268.jpg	ideas disturb both of them. Most of the things
images/000018269.jpg	ell them. The merchant and his donkey wer
images/000018270.jpg	If we say that families offer the environm
images/000018271.jpg	he butterfly might expand the wings, shrink 
images/000018272.jpg	 opening. It meant that the butterfly was t
images/000018273.jpg	n time. Both sides should talk over their
images/000018274.jpg	y. He put it under a dry leaf and started blowi
images/000018275.jpg	 sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monke
images/000018276.jpg	he boy did not lose his temper. He told his fath
images/000018277.jpg	 and silent night. The weather was freez
images/000018278.jpg	he river and wasted all the bags of salt on 
images/000018279.jpg	e”. The monkeys did not listen to the spar
images/000018280.jpg	d not listen to the sparrow. They continued to bl
images/000018281.jpg	r so that people might feel comfortable, immedia
images/000018282.jpg	end on computers per week, ranging from about 1
images/000018283.jpg	also.A wise man from the ministry came to the
images/000018284.jpg	ow to Be a Successful English LearnerAlmo
images/000018285.jpg	ink so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, my
images/000018286.jpg	lighter.There was nothing the merchant coul
images/000018287.jpg	 the butterfly would have emerged like any other
images/000018288.jpg	 clinging to its branches. One of the monk
images/000018289.jpg	to be happy. I know I should relax myself and 
images/000018290.jpg	the whole country with leather so that peopl
images/000018291.jpg	ay is coming.I am going to do many thing
images/000018292.jpg	er attention to our fellows. Occasional examples
images/000018293.jpg	ach other's outlooks on the world, the gap 
images/000018294.jpg	t or not. When it comes to the problem of gene
images/000018295.jpg	cia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom A
images/000018296.jpg	ading materials, which can also help acc
images/000018297.jpg	olourful butterfly comes from an unappealing wor
images/000018298.jpg	tiful place to live in.
images/000018299.jpg	r feet?’The king was very much surprised by his 
images/000018300.jpg	ccasional examples of human goodness can
images/000018301.jpg	ld the boy, “The nails were your bad temp
images/000018302.jpg	The butterfly emerged without any struggle!
images/000018303.jpg	rove the ability of English reading comp
images/000018304.jpg	 solving the problem. As long as both sides kee
images/000018305.jpg	ht Son at the Right Time". The soldier extended 
images/000018306.jpg	h the rapid progressing of the society, comput
images/000018307.jpg	e of cost and the fierce market competiti
images/000018308.jpg	uch about our winters.”It turned out Emily also
images/000018309.jpg	 the better. Humanism makes the world a m
images/000018310.jpg	h the butterfly and he was quite eager to watch
images/000018311.jpg	r.During the summer holiday, I want to practice
images/000018312.jpg	 system of beliefs that focuses on common human 
images/000018313.jpg	ur bad temper and they were hammered on people. 
images/000018314.jpg	 wings and huge body. It was never able to
images/000018315.jpg	 happy that he visited many pilgrim centres an
images/000018316.jpg	 tried to pick up at a cocktail party once upon 
images/000018317.jpg	e families are hospitable. The family gath
images/000018318.jpg	lent night. The weather was freezing. A g
images/000018319.jpg	h tiny opening. It meant that the butter
images/000018320.jpg	 playing soccer.During the summer holiday, I wa
images/000018321.jpg	e and totally out-to-lunch president of the gal
images/000018322.jpg	mplained to his ministers that the roads 
images/000018323.jpg	of money also.A wise man from the minis
images/000018324.jpg	students need English and they need it for diffe
images/000018325.jpg	gs more quickly. Further more, it gives us insigh
images/000018326.jpg	long those roads as it would be painful for the
images/000018327.jpg	ocoon without any more struggles. He contin
images/000018328.jpg	did not lose his temper!Now, his father t
images/000018329.jpg	 led to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it i
images/000018330.jpg	better your spoken English will be. Noth
images/000018331.jpg	The spirit of humanism is apparent in the story
images/000018332.jpg	used to walk along those roads as it would be p
images/000018333.jpg	longer distance. He complained to his minister
images/000018334.jpg	body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expanded
images/000018335.jpg	ood. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree w
images/000018336.jpg	ficient quantity of leather and it would cos
images/000018337.jpg	ontinued: “I think all of you should take shelte
images/000018338.jpg	le and weird clothes. Young people either turn
images/000018339.jpg	onkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a merchant
images/000018340.jpg	mal cow to cover the road with leather? R
images/000018341.jpg	rstand their children and keep the lines of
images/000018342.jpg	aded his donkey with bags of salt to go to
images/000018343.jpg	tterfly just crawled around with withered wi
images/000018344.jpg	he civilized world humanism plays an impor
images/000018345.jpg	 to visit places of historical importance and pi
images/000018346.jpg	olourful butterfly comes from an unappea
images/000018347.jpg	ery riverbank, now deliberately, the donkey fell 
images/000018348.jpg	ing computers are playing a more and more 
images/000018349.jpg	can drop in on friends and relatives witho
images/000018350.jpg	 the donkey slipped and fell into the river
images/000018351.jpg	 eager to watch the butterfly fly with its beau
images/000018352.jpg	 never seen him, myself.”“Neither have I,” Har
images/000018353.jpg	know I should relax myself and be happy.A Hole 
images/000018354.jpg	sing of the society, computers are now widel
images/000018355.jpg	any them. People of distant places were so happ
images/000018356.jpg	 that people spend on computers per week, ra
images/000018357.jpg	h the struggles the butterfly would have emerged
images/000018358.jpg	red on people. You can remove the nails but sti
images/000018359.jpg	nvironment of living, friends make another 
images/000018360.jpg	oon to make larger opening for the butterfly 
images/000018361.jpg	l to visit places of historical importance and p
images/000018362.jpg	ll out a few nails. The fence never look the sa
images/000018363.jpg	cters. If we say that families offer the enviro
images/000018364.jpg	owever, no matter how hard he tried, he could 
images/000018365.jpg	 reasons. With the rapid progressing of the socie
images/000018366.jpg	n common human needs and seeks rational ways of s
images/000018367.jpg	and entertain friends. The household is 
images/000018368.jpg	, stick your thumb to the stars!Summer 
images/000018369.jpg	marked down over and over again so that ma
images/000018370.jpg	t be food in it, and he became very happy. He 
images/000018371.jpg	enly he caught sight of a big tree with a ho
images/000018372.jpg	ealth and no misfortunes.The king decided to go 
images/000018373.jpg	ore, I want to help her in the holidays.Wh
images/000018374.jpg	ke way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is p
images/000018375.jpg	 do you want to kill the holy animal cow to co
images/000018376.jpg	 that I want to do. For exampie,first I wil
images/000018377.jpg	food in the tree trunk while he cut down t
images/000018378.jpg	n you. Participate in all oral activities. The m
images/000018379.jpg	ry fox immediately thought that there migh
images/000018380.jpg	ng asked - what was his alternative idea. 
images/000018381.jpg	 days that he did not hammer any nail an
images/000018382.jpg	 happy all the time. But I have put so much pres
images/000018383.jpg	ldren to have much time left for animals.
images/000018384.jpg	 his father that it was several days that 
images/000018385.jpg	e boy was able to pull out most of the nails fr
images/000018386.jpg	might expand the wings, shrink the body an
images/000018387.jpg	socialize together, with several generations ga
images/000018388.jpg	quickly. Further more, it gives us insights i
images/000018389.jpg	 be happy all the time. But I have put so
images/000018390.jpg	ll into the river and noticed that the bags of s
images/000018391.jpg	eps our minds open to better ways of seei
images/000018392.jpg	ows to get the sufficient quantity of leat
images/000018393.jpg	ng the butterfly struggling to break the shell 
images/000018394.jpg	hould talk over their problems with each
images/000018395.jpg	e old man in time of need. The young man's
images/000018396.jpg	e's ideas are not cut from the same cloth
images/000018397.jpg	s of human goodness can remind us of the mean
images/000018398.jpg	 will remain there forever. Your bad temp
images/000018399.jpg	happy all the time. But I have put so much 
images/000018400.jpg	e! It has scars all over! You can stab a man wit
images/000018401.jpg	computer is a wonderful machine. Today it is used
images/000018402.jpg	ip. Don't be intimidated even though you f
images/000018403.jpg	e package, he saw there were a lot of food, brea
images/000018404.jpg	 anything new. Their voices are not taken 
images/000018405.jpg	lliant, and chronically depressed robot; and Ve
images/000018406.jpg	sehold consisting of three generations i
images/000018407.jpg	 Why are we born? Why do we die? For all 
images/000018408.jpg	s who can drop in on friends and relative
images/000018409.jpg	re proud that their king was so kind with a good 
images/000018410.jpg	arvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically 
images/000018411.jpg	n which he will grow up. Parents are children's 
images/000018412.jpg	alking along together. They had not walke
images/000018413.jpg	t be in favor of their children's hairstyle and 
images/000018414.jpg	ed.Unfortunately, the butterfly just crawled a
images/000018415.jpg	“I wish that I had thought a little before jumpin
images/000018416.jpg	and huge body. It was never able to fly all thr
images/000018417.jpg	ina, children live with their parents even after 
images/000018418.jpg	. Nothing in the world is difficult for one wh
images/000018419.jpg	eel embarrassed when making some embarrassing
images/000018420.jpg	oy replied, ‘a hole in the fence!’He told the bo
images/000018421.jpg	intenance of our society. Humanism calls fo
images/000018422.jpg	 his temper. He told his father that it w
images/000018423.jpg	d. So a household consisting of three generation
images/000018424.jpg	erent opinions on the reasons why generatio
images/000018425.jpg	hat a beautiful and colourful butterfly comes fro
images/000018426.jpg	 former graduate student obsessed with the disa
images/000018427.jpg	 us of the meaning of humanism. If we treat ou
images/000018428.jpg	y do you want to kill the holy animal co
images/000018429.jpg	ys and entertain friends. The household 
images/000018430.jpg	ing asked - what was his alternative idea. The mi
images/000018431.jpg	er so that people might feel comfortable, imm
images/000018432.jpg	mes into being. Some think that maybe the old 
images/000018433.jpg	sed with the disappearance of all the ballpoint p
images/000018434.jpg	a more and more important role in modern life.Wh
images/000018435.jpg	tudents should have some ideal qualities to succ
images/000018436.jpg	y both help children to understand the wor
images/000018437.jpg	rtain friends. The household is always fr
images/000018438.jpg	lies and had a craze for its wonderful combin
images/000018439.jpg	uters per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours
images/000018440.jpg	efore Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and
images/000018441.jpg	 themselves against what the elders have 
images/000018442.jpg	essful English learning is perseverance in face
images/000018443.jpg	 home again but re-loaded his donkey with ba
images/000018444.jpg	udents need English and they need it for 
images/000018445.jpg	terflies! The continuous effort from the butter
images/000018446.jpg	ldren?” Emily asked.Short Stories - Christmas Su
images/000018447.jpg	s an important role in the maintenance of our soc
images/000018448.jpg	oday it is used a great deal. There is a 
images/000018449.jpg	d progressing of the society, computers ar
images/000018450.jpg	ed world humanism plays an important role i
images/000018451.jpg	emerged without any struggle!Unfortunately, the
images/000018452.jpg	ne beautiful spring morning, a merchant l
images/000018453.jpg	ety. Humanism calls for us to pay closer atte
images/000018454.jpg	le boy found it hilarious and accepted to d
images/000018455.jpg	ping children's character. As parents, they
images/000018456.jpg	he time. But I have put so much pressure 
images/000018457.jpg	ends give them strength and courage. They both 
images/000018458.jpg	a piece of leather cut in appropriate shape
images/000018459.jpg	at I had thought a little before jumping in
images/000018460.jpg	to the river and noticed that the bags of
images/000018461.jpg	rfly would struggle to transform from an ugly ca
images/000018462.jpg	armony and unity. Each member of the fami
images/000018463.jpg	 think he will come if I write to him?” 
images/000018464.jpg	terfly might expand the wings, shrink th
images/000018465.jpg	o come out through the tiny opening. Unf
images/000018466.jpg	derful combination of colours. In fact, he 
images/000018467.jpg	 people of the kingdom were very happy as t
images/000018468.jpg	not cut from the same cloth. Parents may not 
images/000018469.jpg	ination of colours. In fact, he used to spend
images/000018470.jpg	ll the human children to have much time 
images/000018471.jpg	ur daily life, whether you admit it or no
images/000018472.jpg	, so by contacting with friends one can get i
images/000018473.jpg	ys to give up his anger and develop kindness.
images/000018474.jpg	terfly just crawled around with withered wings an
images/000018475.jpg	mbers in a Chinese family are respectively more t
images/000018476.jpg	He scolded kids, neighbours and even his frien
images/000018477.jpg	oy, “The nails were your bad temper and th
images/000018478.jpg	prise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been 
images/000018479.jpg	d hammered a nail. In the next few days, the 
images/000018480.jpg	in friends. The household is always frie
images/000018481.jpg	any things may turn out for the better. 
images/000018482.jpg	could do, except return home where he loaded his 
images/000018483.jpg	hur Dent is plucked off the planet by his 
images/000018484.jpg	into the hole and when he opened the pac
images/000018485.jpg	hey are so happy to see me do well in the
images/000018486.jpg	headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out
images/000018487.jpg	was a cold and silent night. The weather was fre
images/000018488.jpg	s for his parents through the verbal usage.
images/000018489.jpg	ou do on Summer Holiday?When I do well in the ex
images/000018490.jpg	et as it was his first trip by foot to longer
images/000018491.jpg	 free the firefly and moved to a nearby cave.Th
images/000018492.jpg	x happily began to eat. After the fox had fini
images/000018493.jpg	s are not taken into account. These different ide
images/000018494.jpg	e more painful than physical abuse! Use words
images/000018495.jpg	runk while he cut down trees in the forest
images/000018496.jpg	exam, they just want me to be happy. I know I 
images/000018497.jpg	veral days.Last I will help my mother do
images/000018498.jpg	th. Parents may not be in favor of their chi
images/000018499.jpg	ing worm! Here is the story of a butterf
images/000018500.jpg	 had eaten so much food that he became too
images/000018501.jpg	erfly just crawled around with withered win
images/000018502.jpg	 that a beautiful and colourful butterfly comes
images/000018503.jpg	sed to walk along those roads as it woul
images/000018504.jpg	again fell into the water. But instead of the loa
images/000018505.jpg	he fence was reduced and the day arrived when n
images/000018506.jpg	ways friendly, welcoming, and generous to 
images/000018507.jpg	hat different things appeal to different gener
images/000018508.jpg	terfly tried its best and could not give any 
images/000018509.jpg	little boy were very depressed due to his bad
images/000018510.jpg	ey with more bags of salt. As they reached the
images/000018511.jpg	 children and keep the lines of communications wi
images/000018512.jpg	 would come out of the cocoon. He was wa
images/000018513.jpg	w to Be a Successful English LearnerAlmost a
images/000018514.jpg	d. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree with a
images/000018515.jpg	e king was very much surprised by his suggest
images/000018516.jpg	 let the fluid stored in the body convert 
images/000018517.jpg	anything new. Their voices are not taken
images/000018518.jpg	. Again, you cannot pull out a few nails. The 
images/000018519.jpg	mas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn
images/000018520.jpg	he butterfly and he was quite eager to wat
images/000018521.jpg	hildren at Christmas time.”“Does he also brin
images/000018522.jpg	ything new. Their voices are not taken into
images/000018523.jpg	wound will remain there forever. Your bad
images/000018524.jpg	struggling very hard for hours to come out throu
images/000018525.jpg	mped into the hole and when he opened the pac
images/000018526.jpg	aying a more and more important role in modern
images/000018527.jpg	r and anger were like that! Words are mor
images/000018528.jpg	er and watch how the butterfly would come out 
images/000018529.jpg	 problems.There are many examples that demonstra
images/000018530.jpg	n’t been around this part of the forest for many
images/000018531.jpg	ore Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty a
images/000018532.jpg	s to animal children?” Emily asked.Short
images/000018533.jpg	very time he became angry and to lose his t
images/000018534.jpg	py families tend to have many pleasant charac
images/000018535.jpg	amilies are hospitable. The family gathers 
images/000018536.jpg	y much.I want to stay with her for several days.L
images/000018537.jpg	he butterfly to come out of its cocoon w
images/000018538.jpg	ell in the exam. I want to be happy all the 
images/000018539.jpg	The boy used to get angry very soon and 
images/000018540.jpg	d, ‘a hole in the fence!’He told the boy, “
images/000018541.jpg	nkey again set on its way. On reaching the ri
images/000018542.jpg	and mother. He was the only son for them. The
images/000018543.jpg	e Right Son at the Right Time". The soldie
images/000018544.jpg	household consisting of three generations i
images/000018545.jpg	e stunned to hear his order as it would d
images/000018546.jpg	nto the river and wasted all the bags of 
images/000018547.jpg	 more quickly. Further more, it gives us in
images/000018548.jpg	emper made him fall for angry words. He scolde
images/000018549.jpg	ther you admit it or not. When it comes to 
images/000018550.jpg	examples of human goodness can remind us 
images/000018551.jpg	for 30 times on the first day! Every time he 
images/000018552.jpg	rs, has been posing as an out-of-work actor.Tog
images/000018553.jpg	d, he could not get out of the hole. Do you kno
images/000018554.jpg	 a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had a 
images/000018555.jpg	convert into wings. Thus, the body would bec
images/000018556.jpg	t be food in it, and he became very happy. H
images/000018557.jpg	se_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around thi
images/000018558.jpg	tions gathering around the television in the even
images/000018559.jpg	the market in order to sell them. The mer
images/000018560.jpg	ours to come out through the tiny opening. Unf
images/000018561.jpg	 he was quite eager to watch the butterfl
images/000018562.jpg	s hammered on the fence was reduced to h
images/000018563.jpg	e the monkeys became very tired. Now they realiz
images/000018564.jpg	them will be narrowed down in time. Both si
images/000018565.jpg	trunk and drink some water from a nearby sprin
images/000018566.jpg	achers, so family does play an important role
images/000018567.jpg	s quite happy that he visited many pilgri
images/000018568.jpg	order as it would destroy the life of tho
images/000018569.jpg	s only for human children,” Fritz said to Emil
images/000018570.jpg	 and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate student 
images/000018571.jpg	l importance and pilgrim centres at distant pla
images/000018572.jpg	rymen to wear shoes. FoolsIt was a cold and
images/000018573.jpg	, they are so happy to see me do well in 
images/000018574.jpg	ut any more struggles. He continued to watch th
images/000018575.jpg	e holidays.What will you do on Summer Hol
images/000018576.jpg	the donkey’s trick. He then returned home again b
images/000018577.jpg	! The continuous effort from the butterfly to co
images/000018578.jpg	h a hole in it.Inside the hole was a package. T
images/000018579.jpg	president of the galaxy; Trillian (forme
images/000018580.jpg	esponsible for solving the problem. As long a
images/000018581.jpg	trunk and drink some water from a nearby spr
images/000018582.jpg	he hole was a package. The hungry fox imme
images/000018583.jpg	e food in the tree trunk while he cut down 
images/000018584.jpg	he environment of living, friends make anothe
images/000018585.jpg	se families are hospitable. The family gather
images/000018586.jpg	 the butterfly fly with its beautiful wings.He 
images/000018587.jpg	gain fell into the water. But instead of the 
images/000018588.jpg	e where he loaded his donkey with more bags of
images/000018589.jpg	 and develop kindness. Unfortunately, all t
images/000018590.jpg	The little boy found it very difficult t
images/000018591.jpg	 quickly discovered the donkey’s trick. He the
images/000018592.jpg	o to my grandma's house,because I miss her very 
images/000018593.jpg	 do on Summer Holiday?When I do well in the e
images/000018594.jpg	hers together to celebrate holidays and enter
images/000018595.jpg	oung people either turn a deaf ear to th
images/000018596.jpg	ountry with leather so that people might
images/000018597.jpg	ut so much pressure on myself. One day, m
images/000018598.jpg	never able to fly all through its life.Although 
images/000018599.jpg	became very happy. He jumped into the hole an
images/000018600.jpg	 fell into the river and noticed that the bags of
images/000018601.jpg	of them. Most of the things that young generation
images/000018602.jpg	ng is perseverance in face of hardship. Don't b
images/000018603.jpg	ndicating computers are playing a more and
images/000018604.jpg	 don’t want to undergo any struggle, we won’t b
images/000018605.jpg	rder to cover the road of the whole coun
images/000018606.jpg	 Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shiver
images/000018607.jpg	w, his father told him to remove the nails ever
images/000018608.jpg	ellows. Occasional examples of human goodness c
images/000018609.jpg	he same.  The father appreciated him and 
images/000018610.jpg	 Today it is used a great deal. There is a drast
images/000018611.jpg	“Emily is from the South and has never see
images/000018612.jpg	t of reading materials, which can also help acc
images/000018613.jpg	ration gap comes into being. Some think that m
images/000018614.jpg	rent purposes. Some students need it to rea
images/000018615.jpg	nd applauded the minister. He ordered for 
images/000018616.jpg	g people either turn a deaf ear to the elders' e
images/000018617.jpg	fence never look the same! It has scars all over!
images/000018618.jpg	ildren warmth, care and shelter, while friends 
images/000018619.jpg	ed kids, neighbours and even his friends due
images/000018620.jpg	s part of the forest for many years. I gu
images/000018621.jpg	y more struggles. He continued to watch the butt
images/000018622.jpg	 The little boy found it hilarious and accepted 
images/000018623.jpg	better ways of seeing things. Computers la
images/000018624.jpg	milies tend to socialize together, with several 
images/000018625.jpg	at! Words are more painful than physical 
images/000018626.jpg	have much time left for animals.”“Do you th
images/000018627.jpg	rs which affect a person's growth. One i
images/000018628.jpg	o its nest. The monkeys were sitting on the s
images/000018629.jpg	actice more to improve my skills.Second I will g
images/000018630.jpg	the king and said that he had another ide
images/000018631.jpg	mes to the problem of generation gap, people's id
images/000018632.jpg	y just crawled around with withered wings and 
images/000018633.jpg	ame very happy. He jumped into the hole 
images/000018634.jpg	tired when I was go to school. Except for taki
images/000018635.jpg	re your bad temper and they were hammered on 
images/000018636.jpg	imself, “I wish that I had thought a lit
images/000018637.jpg	 for solving the problem. As long as both si
images/000018638.jpg	 water. But instead of the load becoming l
images/000018639.jpg	port the body.  Unfortunately, neither the
images/000018640.jpg	dynamic pair began a journey through space 
images/000018641.jpg	hammered on the fence was reduced to half. 
images/000018642.jpg	ad placed the food in the tree trunk while he c
images/000018643.jpg	of a life-threatening emergency, humanis
images/000018644.jpg	 bags of salt on its back again.The merchan
images/000018645.jpg	e fluid stored in the body convert into w
images/000018646.jpg	 from the fence. However, there remained a
images/000018647.jpg	make another important part in shaping childre
images/000018648.jpg	d a passion and love for butterflies decided to h
images/000018649.jpg	now, it involves several reasons. With the
images/000018650.jpg	pparent in the story of "The Right Son at the
images/000018651.jpg	bours and even his friends due to anger. 
images/000018652.jpg	orget about the whole idea. Let’s go home 
images/000018653.jpg	thur Dent is plucked off the planet by his
images/000018654.jpg	verbank, now deliberately, the donkey fell in
images/000018655.jpg	he nails but still see the holes in the fen
images/000018656.jpg	hinese family are respectively more than in 
images/000018657.jpg	thing the merchant could do, except return h
images/000018658.jpg	ugh the struggles the butterfly would have
images/000018659.jpg	ts back again.The merchant quickly discover
images/000018660.jpg	nta Claus is only for human children,” Fr
images/000018661.jpg	e slippery riverbank, now deliberately, the do
images/000018662.jpg	 struggling very hard for hours to come out 
images/000018663.jpg	e hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten
images/000018664.jpg	n home where he loaded his donkey with more ba
images/000018665.jpg	 beautiful wings.He thought that at any ti
images/000018666.jpg	its way to enjoy its world. He decided to 
images/000018667.jpg	hort Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne 
images/000018668.jpg	ys were sitting on the same tree. She noticed wha
images/000018669.jpg	 years. I guess he is too busy visiting al
images/000018670.jpg	s are children's first teachers, so family do
images/000018671.jpg	he merchant could do, except return home wh
images/000018672.jpg	arents, they are so happy to see me do well in th
images/000018673.jpg	ory of "The Right Son at the Right Time". The sol
images/000018674.jpg	ttle boy found it very difficult to hammer the n
images/000018675.jpg	ho had a passion and love for butterflie
images/000018676.jpg	ng the river he again fell into the water. But 
images/000018677.jpg	roup of monkeys were on a tree. They wer
images/000018678.jpg	 expanded or enlarged nor the swollen bod
images/000018679.jpg	ose his temper. The little boy found it 
images/000018680.jpg	ur thumb to the stars!Summer holiday is 
images/000018681.jpg	for several hours, there was no progress. It see
images/000018682.jpg	was quite eager to watch the butterfly fly with
images/000018683.jpg	g from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The num
images/000018684.jpg	 hole in it.Inside the hole was a package. The
images/000018685.jpg	r problems with each other actively, since
images/000018686.jpg	emper. The boy used to get angry very soo
images/000018687.jpg	er to my parents, they are so happy to see me 
images/000018688.jpg	he cocoon. He was watching the butterfly strug
images/000018689.jpg	 guess he is too busy visiting all the human c
images/000018690.jpg	 the number of nails hammered to the fence was
images/000018691.jpg	ve the ability of English reading comprehension,
images/000018692.jpg	oid, brilliant, and chronically depressed 
images/000018693.jpg	ocoon without any more struggles. He conti
images/000018694.jpg	a few nails. The fence never look the same! It 
images/000018695.jpg	n I was go to school. Except for taking care 
images/000018696.jpg	that I had thought a little before jumping 
images/000018697.jpg	s in the forest. He was going to eat it for his
images/000018698.jpg	lt to hammer the nails and decided to con
images/000018699.jpg	petition, the price has been marked down over an
images/000018700.jpg	he merchant could do, except return home wher
images/000018701.jpg	long those roads as it would be painful f
images/000018702.jpg	 in it!An old woodcutter had placed the f
images/000018703.jpg	rate holidays and entertain friends. The hou
images/000018704.jpg	onkey were walking along together. They had
images/000018705.jpg	s of salt on its back again.The merchant quickly
images/000018706.jpg	c increase of the hours that people spend on com
images/000018707.jpg	try with leather so that people might fe
images/000018708.jpg	educed and the day arrived when no nail was hamm
images/000018709.jpg	ached a river on the road.Unfortunately, the d
images/000018710.jpg	trip by foot to longer distance. He complain
images/000018711.jpg	 stunned to hear his order as it would destroy t
images/000018712.jpg	also bring presents to animal children?” Emily a
images/000018713.jpg	to do. For exampie,first I will jion a socce
images/000018714.jpg	e bags of salt. As they reached the slippery ri
images/000018715.jpg	ism is apparent in the story of "The Right Son 
images/000018716.jpg	 get angry very soon and taunt others with his w
images/000018717.jpg	Santa Claus,” I explained, “brings present
images/000018718.jpg	 the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after c
images/000018719.jpg	 propitious life. However, he had regret.He had 
images/000018720.jpg	ys of seeing things. Computers largely bro
images/000018721.jpg	e families are proud of their harmony and unity.
images/000018722.jpg	Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-a
images/000018723.jpg	le he forgot what he spoke in anger, his frien
images/000018724.jpg	y a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeb
images/000018725.jpg	nd the wings could support the body.  Unfo
images/000018726.jpg	thing the merchant could do, except return home w
images/000018727.jpg	ings expanded or enlarged nor the swollen
images/000018728.jpg	anism is a system of beliefs that focuses o
images/000018729.jpg	 out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, 
images/000018730.jpg	smHumanism is a system of beliefs that 
images/000018731.jpg	 now deliberately, the donkey fell into the
images/000018732.jpg	in time. Both sides should talk over their 
images/000018733.jpg	ained, “brings presents and toys to human childr
images/000018734.jpg	 to make its way to enjoy its world. He decide
images/000018735.jpg	 nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose
images/000018736.jpg	iss her very much.I want to stay with her for s
images/000018737.jpg	ity of English reading comprehension, one s
images/000018738.jpg	 why generation gap comes into being. Some 
images/000018739.jpg	ce more to improve my skills.Second I will go t
images/000018740.jpg	. One is family, and the other is friends
images/000018741.jpg	of nails hammered to the fence was reduced and
images/000018742.jpg	es to succeed in English learning. It requir
images/000018743.jpg	ociety, so by contacting with friends one can
images/000018744.jpg	eople and accompany them. People of distan
images/000018745.jpg	d enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarras
images/000018746.jpg	e members in a Chinese family are respectivel
images/000018747.jpg	a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies and
images/000018748.jpg	ever. Your bad temper and anger were like that!
images/000018749.jpg	e holy animal cow to cover the road with leather?
images/000018750.jpg	I,” Harry added, shaking his head.“You see. Sant
images/000018751.jpg	ot get out of the hole. Do you know why? Ye
images/000018752.jpg	 is family, and the other is friends.After one
images/000018753.jpg	 hard for hours to come out through the tin
images/000018754.jpg	? Why do we die? For all the answers, st
images/000018755.jpg	appeared with his little niece Emily and intro
images/000018756.jpg	uate student obsessed with the disappearance o
images/000018757.jpg	 use it to talk to English-speakers, attend
images/000018758.jpg	whole country with leather so that people mig
images/000018759.jpg	enerations should be responsible for solving t
images/000018760.jpg	very day as he had controlled his anger. S
images/000018761.jpg	m. I want to be happy all the time. But I ha
images/000018762.jpg	food. Finally he went to the edge of the for
images/000018763.jpg	nto other cultures and keeps our minds open to 
images/000018764.jpg	r as I know, it involves several reasons. With t
images/000018765.jpg	d to make way for a galactic freeway, Art
images/000018766.jpg	 think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, m
images/000018767.jpg	beliefs that focuses on common human needs and 
images/000018768.jpg	w came flying to its nest. The monkeys were
images/000018769.jpg	e a conversation with their king and they were
images/000018770.jpg	f nails. He asked his son to hammer one nail to t
images/000018771.jpg	eminars, write letters, etc.Students shou
images/000018772.jpg	ruggle to transform from an ugly caterpillar in
images/000018773.jpg	ame cloth. Parents may not be in favor of their
images/000018774.jpg	peared with his little niece Emily and introduced
images/000018775.jpg	write letters, etc.Students should have some i
images/000018776.jpg	out a few nails. The fence never look the same!
images/000018777.jpg	ind us of the meaning of humanism. If we treat o
images/000018778.jpg	oth of them. Most of the things that young g
images/000018779.jpg	pain as he walked all the way through the r
images/000018780.jpg	ill be narrowed down in time. Both sides sh
images/000018781.jpg	ith his words. His bad temper made him f
images/000018782.jpg	rolled his anger. Several days passed and 
images/000018783.jpg	hard he tried, he could not get out of the 
images/000018784.jpg	ld cost a huge amount of money also.A wise ma
images/000018785.jpg	pon a time, there was a hungry fox that was look
images/000018786.jpg	en I was go to school. Except for taking care 
images/000018787.jpg	blebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie 
images/000018788.jpg	tried its best and could not give any more try
images/000018789.jpg	nsisting of three generations is common.Chi
images/000018790.jpg	ried to pick up at a cocktail party once upon
images/000018791.jpg	ternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you 
images/000018792.jpg	et.He had intolerable pain in his feet 
images/000018793.jpg	ot to interact with his people and accompan
images/000018794.jpg	chant and his donkey were walking along t
images/000018795.jpg	ng. It meant that the butterfly was trying to ma
images/000018796.jpg	 was very much surprised by his suggestionand
images/000018797.jpg	 the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even af
images/000018798.jpg	hbours avoided him.His mother and father con
images/000018799.jpg	ry.The man, who had a passion and love for butte
images/000018800.jpg	s factors may influence a person's growth.
images/000018801.jpg	ir problems with each other actively, si
images/000018802.jpg	n time of need. The young man's actions were 
images/000018803.jpg	ant to practice more to improve my skills.
images/000018804.jpg	nd no misfortunes.The king decided to g
images/000018805.jpg	o the old man in time of need. The young 
images/000018806.jpg	s anger and develop kindness. Unfortunatel
images/000018807.jpg	 very happy. He jumped into the hole and when 
images/000018808.jpg	 should relax myself and be happy.A Hole i
images/000018809.jpg	 computers are now widely applied in alm
images/000018810.jpg	arning is perseverance in face of hardship. 
images/000018811.jpg	father came up with an idea.One day, his father 
images/000018812.jpg	has scars all over! You can stab a man with 
images/000018813.jpg	ter how hard he tried, the fox could not find fo
images/000018814.jpg	st I will help my mother do some housework. She 
images/000018815.jpg	e's ideas are not cut from the same cloth.
images/000018816.jpg	are respectively more than in other countries' 
images/000018817.jpg	listen to the sparrow. They continued to blow a
images/000018818.jpg	 tiny opening. It meant that the butterf
images/000018819.jpg	e ability of English reading comprehension, on
images/000018820.jpg	 in the fence for 30 times on the first da
images/000018821.jpg	. His bad temper made him fall for angry 
images/000018822.jpg	earance of all the ballpoint pens he's bought ove
images/000018823.jpg	h affect a person's growth. One is family, and th
images/000018824.jpg	akes us do things more quickly. Further more, it 
images/000018825.jpg	laces were so happy to have a conversati
images/000018826.jpg	p my mother do some housework. She was really tir
images/000018827.jpg	 and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate studen
images/000018828.jpg	angry very soon and taunt others with his words. 
images/000018829.jpg	in, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically 
images/000018830.jpg	Friends are the connections between children and 
images/000018831.jpg	s hammered to the fence was reduced and the day 
images/000018832.jpg	l the human children to have much time left for a
images/000018833.jpg	istant places were so happy to have a conve
images/000018834.jpg	 only son for them. The parents of the little 
images/000018835.jpg	ad thought a little before jumping into the ho
images/000018836.jpg	ppeal to different generations. Those who
images/000018837.jpg	voices are not taken into account. These 
images/000018838.jpg	s drove him to hammer in the fence for 30 times 
images/000018839.jpg	mer in the fence for 30 times on the fir
images/000018840.jpg	ntinuous effort from the butterfly to come out 
images/000018841.jpg	or jonrnals and attend English lectures, w
images/000018842.jpg	. He scolded kids, neighbours and even h
images/000018843.jpg	ill come if I write to him?” Emily asked.“I d
images/000018844.jpg	r do some housework. She was really tired whe
images/000018845.jpg	ummer Holiday?When I do well in the exam, I will
images/000018846.jpg	help the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors
images/000018847.jpg	ings expanded or enlarged nor the swollen body 
images/000018848.jpg	 edge of the forest and searched there f
images/000018849.jpg	 weather was freezing. A group of monkeys wer
images/000018850.jpg	I had thought a little before jumping into t
images/000018851.jpg	ttle boy found it very difficult to hammer 
images/000018852.jpg	d the donkey’s trick. He then returned home again
images/000018853.jpg	 painful than physical abuse! Use words for goo
images/000018854.jpg	 that people might feel comfortable, immediately
images/000018855.jpg	eral reasons. With the rapid progressing of the s
images/000018856.jpg	 indicating computers are playing a more and more
images/000018857.jpg	he road of the whole country with leather so
images/000018858.jpg	 body. It was never able to fly all through its 
images/000018859.jpg	and to lose his temper. The little boy found it 
images/000018860.jpg	line to learn English well. In order to impro
images/000018861.jpg	ock of fireflies. One of the young monkeys thoug
images/000018862.jpg	rfly looked no longer beautiful and had 
images/000018863.jpg	one can get into the society and become socia
images/000018864.jpg	ireflies. One of the young monkeys thought it
images/000018865.jpg	ed his son to hammer one nail to the fence eve
images/000018866.jpg	l through its life.Although the man did it wi
images/000018867.jpg	hey should learn to understand their children and
images/000018868.jpg	her to celebrate holidays and entertain friends
images/000018869.jpg	e story of a butterfly that was never able to
images/000018870.jpg	d kids, neighbours and even his friends due 
images/000018871.jpg	ent ideas disturb both of them. Most of t
images/000018872.jpg	ody.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expan
images/000018873.jpg	ngry words. He scolded kids, neighbours and ev
images/000018874.jpg	n the world, the gap between them will be
images/000018875.jpg	ies are hospitable. The family gathers to
images/000018876.jpg	 the road with leather? Rather, you can ju
images/000018877.jpg	s and entertain friends. The household is al
images/000018878.jpg	s? Why are we born? Why do we die? For all the a
images/000018879.jpg	ided to control his temper.Gradually, the n
images/000018880.jpg	salt to go to the market in order to sell 
images/000018881.jpg	tter than you. Participate in all oral activi
images/000018882.jpg	continued: “I think all of you should take s
images/000018883.jpg	ressing of the society, computers are now wide
images/000018884.jpg	tz said to Emily. “So forget about the whole idea
images/000018885.jpg	 want to stay with her for several days.La
images/000018886.jpg	 would let the fluid stored in the body co
images/000018887.jpg	turned out Emily also didn’t know much abou
images/000018888.jpg	anta Claus,” I explained, “brings presents and 
images/000018889.jpg	n to make larger opening for the butterfly 
images/000018890.jpg	 fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few n
images/000018891.jpg	k the shell for several hours. He spent almost mo
images/000018892.jpg	aus is only for human children,” Fritz said
images/000018893.jpg	n the holidays.What will you do on Summer Holiday
images/000018894.jpg	lidays.What will you do on Summer Holida
images/000018895.jpg	racter. As parents, they should learn to
images/000018896.jpg	friend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a 
images/000018897.jpg	o undergo any struggle, we won’t be able
images/000018898.jpg	xplained, “brings presents and toys to human chil
images/000018899.jpg	 revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide t
images/000018900.jpg	 insights into other cultures and keeps 
images/000018901.jpg	 with his people and accompany them. Peop
images/000018902.jpg	them. Most of the things that young generat
images/000018903.jpg	nd weird clothes. Young people either turn a dea
images/000018904.jpg	tried its best and could not give any more try.
images/000018905.jpg	day, my parents tell me that they don’t c
images/000018906.jpg	 wish we could find some fire. It will hel
images/000018907.jpg	 you should take shelter in a cave”. The
images/000018908.jpg	w why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food 
images/000018909.jpg	ghter and smaller and the wings would be bea
images/000018910.jpg	f fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-
images/000018911.jpg	r for several days.Last I will help my mother 
images/000018912.jpg	what the elders have been proud of.People ha
images/000018913.jpg	s need it to read English textbooks or jonrnals 
images/000018914.jpg	ose roads as it would be painful for them t
images/000018915.jpg	 a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically depressed
images/000018916.jpg	 to hammer one nail to the fence every time 
images/000018917.jpg	ove the ability of English reading compre
images/000018918.jpg	tant places. He decided to travel by foot to
images/000018919.jpg	and I were busy building a snowman when Fritz
images/000018920.jpg	e wings expanded or enlarged nor the swollen
images/000018921.jpg	also has to work. Therefore, I want to help her
images/000018922.jpg	package. The hungry fox immediately thought t
images/000018923.jpg	 to socialize together, with several generation
images/000018924.jpg	 on people. You can remove the nails but st
images/000018925.jpg	erous to visitors who can drop in on friends an
images/000018926.jpg	“Does he also bring presents to animal c
images/000018927.jpg	derstand the world as it is, so they are
images/000018928.jpg	nd were very stony. He could not tolerate t
images/000018929.jpg	Inside the hole was a package. The hungry
images/000018930.jpg	slippery riverbank, now deliberately, th
images/000018931.jpg	comfortable and were very stony. He could not
images/000018932.jpg	was his alternative idea. The minister told
images/000018933.jpg	ence a person's growth. There are two appare
images/000018934.jpg	me! It has scars all over! You can stab a man
images/000018935.jpg	fly and removed the remaining cocoon. The butter
images/000018936.jpg	nglish and they need it for different purposes. S
images/000018937.jpg	ow hard he tried, he could not get out o
images/000018938.jpg	e last fifteen years, has been posing as 
images/000018939.jpg	house,because I miss her very much.I want to s
images/000018940.jpg	tter had placed the food in the tree trunk w
images/000018941.jpg	 reasons why generation gap comes into being
images/000018942.jpg	the summer holiday, I want to practice more 
images/000018943.jpg	d drink some water from a nearby spring. H
images/000018944.jpg	larious and accepted to do what his fath
images/000018945.jpg	 not find food. Finally he went to the edg
images/000018946.jpg	them open, at the same time they must keep i
images/000018947.jpg	ate in all oral activities. The more you spe
images/000018948.jpg	ttle boy were very depressed due to his bad tempe
images/000018949.jpg	f leather shoes for him and requested the c
images/000018950.jpg	ressed due to his bad temper. The boy use
images/000018951.jpg	 that focuses on common human needs and seek
images/000018952.jpg	nt to help her in the holidays.What will 
images/000018953.jpg	 king asked - what was his alternative id
images/000018954.jpg	 Arthur Dent is plucked off the planet by
images/000018955.jpg	 very soon and taunt others with his words. Hi
images/000018956.jpg	umanism plays an important role in the mai
images/000018957.jpg	 not lose his temper. He told his father
images/000018958.jpg	a person's growth. There are two apparent f
images/000018959.jpg	w my paper to my parents, they are so happy 
images/000018960.jpg	ker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the la
images/000018961.jpg	ced a flock of fireflies. One of the young monkey
images/000018962.jpg	ame cloth. Parents may not be in favor of their c
images/000018963.jpg	ojagig, a former graduate student obsessed
images/000018964.jpg	me out of its cocoon would let the fluid stor
images/000018965.jpg	er the wings expanded or enlarged nor the 
images/000018966.jpg	r more, it gives us insights into other cu
images/000018967.jpg	 was watching the butterfly struggling t
images/000018968.jpg	amilies tend to have many pleasant chara
images/000018969.jpg	nt of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tric
images/000018970.jpg	fence was reduced and the day arrived when no nai
images/000018971.jpg	 do, except return home where he loaded his
images/000018972.jpg	n proud of.People have different opinions on the
images/000018973.jpg	t places. He decided to travel by foot to interac
images/000018974.jpg	milies are proud of their harmony and unity. Each
images/000018975.jpg	e butterfly would come out of the cocoon. 
images/000018976.jpg	ny more struggles. He continued to watch th
images/000018977.jpg	r was freezing. A group of monkeys were on a 
images/000018978.jpg	wonderful combination of colours. In fac
images/000018979.jpg	rs, so family does play an important role in s
images/000018980.jpg	s offer children warmth, care and shelter
images/000018981.jpg	 Chinese families tend to socialize togethe
images/000018982.jpg	is father gave him a huge bag of nails. H
images/000018983.jpg	d drink some water from a nearby spring. 
images/000018984.jpg	the body would become lighter and smalle
images/000018985.jpg	ious and accepted to do what his father 
images/000018986.jpg	 butterfly would struggle to transform from an
images/000018987.jpg	 out most of the nails from the fence. Ho
images/000018988.jpg	k again.The merchant quickly discovered 
images/000018989.jpg	 the wings would be beautiful and large.If 
images/000018990.jpg	d his father about the same.  The father apprec
images/000018991.jpg	monkeys said, “I wish we could find some fire.
images/000018992.jpg	neighbours and even his friends due to anger. 
images/000018993.jpg	f the cocoon. He was watching the butter
images/000018994.jpg	u can stab a man with a knife, but the wound wi
images/000018995.jpg	prise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around 
images/000018996.jpg	tterfly tried its best and could not give an
images/000018997.jpg	t and tolerance, many things may turn out 
images/000018998.jpg	her beautiful butterflies! The continuous e
images/000018999.jpg	y is coming.I am going to do many things 
images/000019000.jpg	terfly struggling to break the shell for se
images/000019001.jpg	aw there were a lot of food, bread, meat and fru
images/000019002.jpg	ood in it, and he became very happy. He j
images/000019003.jpg	elter in a cave”. The monkeys did not listen
images/000019004.jpg	ment and discipline to learn English well. In or
images/000019005.jpg	of the forest and searched there for food. Sud
images/000019006.jpg	ily also didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who i
images/000019007.jpg	 body reduced.Unfortunately, the butterfly ju
images/000019008.jpg	y visiting all the human children to have muc
images/000019009.jpg	isited many pilgrim centres and could see his
images/000019010.jpg	rowth. There are two apparent factors which a
images/000019011.jpg	oads as it would be painful for them too!
images/000019012.jpg	ention, only going through the struggles th
images/000019013.jpg	d and silent night. The weather was freezing. A 
images/000019014.jpg	 had placed the food in the tree trunk while he c
images/000019015.jpg	oon without any more struggles. He continued 
images/000019016.jpg	r holiday is coming.I am going to do many things
images/000019017.jpg	xam, they just want me to be happy. I kno
images/000019018.jpg	to read English textbooks or jonrnals and attend
images/000019019.jpg	 was never able to fly all through its life.Alth
images/000019020.jpg	nt to help her in the holidays.What will 
images/000019021.jpg	. It meant that the butterfly was trying to m
images/000019022.jpg	 he was very much worried about the people who
images/000019023.jpg	even his friends due to anger. He invited a
images/000019024.jpg	 it involves several reasons. With the rapid 
images/000019025.jpg	 and requested the countrymen to wear shoes
images/000019026.jpg	r and wasted all the bags of salt on its bac
images/000019027.jpg	velers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed,
images/000019028.jpg	d Veet Voojagig, a former graduate studen
images/000019029.jpg	on of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, f
images/000019030.jpg	they were proud that their king was so ki
images/000019031.jpg	nglish better than you. Participate in al
images/000019032.jpg	The weather was freezing. A group of monkeys wer
images/000019033.jpg	ry difficult to hammer the nails and decided to c
images/000019034.jpg	 out of the cocoon without any more struggles
images/000019035.jpg	ng man's actions were the example of humanis
images/000019036.jpg	 celebrate holidays and entertain friends. The h
images/000019037.jpg	ad intolerable pain in his feet as it was 
images/000019038.jpg	fortunately, the butterfly just crawled around 
images/000019039.jpg	 English-speakers, attend seminars, write le
images/000019040.jpg	summer holiday, I want to practice more to i
images/000019041.jpg	s. Those who grow up in happy families tend t
images/000019042.jpg	e also has to work. Therefore, I want to help 
images/000019043.jpg	 Unfortunately, neither the wings expanded or
images/000019044.jpg	and the butterfly. The butterfly had been s
images/000019045.jpg	 all worries for his parents through the
images/000019046.jpg	t was looking for something to eat. He was very h
images/000019047.jpg	butterflies decided to help the butterfly. He g
images/000019048.jpg	old generation is too conservative to acc
images/000019049.jpg	nce for 30 times on the first day! Every time he
images/000019050.jpg	 them too!He made an order to cover the
images/000019051.jpg	's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young people eith
images/000019052.jpg	s too busy visiting all the human childr
images/000019053.jpg	eople of the kingdom were very happy as they had
images/000019054.jpg	even his friends due to anger. He invite
images/000019055.jpg	nisters that the roads weren’t comfortable a
images/000019056.jpg	 of English reading comprehension, one sho
images/000019057.jpg	 colourful butterfly comes from an unappealing w
images/000019058.jpg	, people's ideas are not cut from the sam
images/000019059.jpg	o other cultures and keeps our minds ope
images/000019060.jpg	earn to understand their children and keep the li
images/000019061.jpg	 system of beliefs that focuses on common huma
images/000019062.jpg	terfly. The butterfly had been struggling ve
images/000019063.jpg	ey through space aided by a galaxyful of f
images/000019064.jpg	er, while friends give them strength and courag
images/000019065.jpg	 several generations gathering around the televi
images/000019066.jpg	 Every time he lost his temper, he ran to the 
images/000019067.jpg	fe of thousands of cows to get the sufficie
images/000019068.jpg	fferent generations. Those who grow up in happy f
images/000019069.jpg	r about the same.  The father appreciated him an
images/000019070.jpg	king thought that he had to change this for the
images/000019071.jpg	attempts for several hours, there was no pr
images/000019072.jpg	 beautiful wings.He thought that at any time,
images/000019073.jpg	umber climbs more than ten times up, ind
images/000019074.jpg	d all the bags of salt on its back again.
images/000019075.jpg	ed wings and huge body. It was never able to fly
images/000019076.jpg	cut down trees in the forest. He was goin
images/000019077.jpg	d by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod
images/000019078.jpg	butterfly. He got a pair of scissors and twea
images/000019079.jpg	ir children's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young
images/000019080.jpg	r any nail and he did not lose his temper!No
images/000019081.jpg	company them. People of distant places w
images/000019082.jpg	r several weeks, he returned to the palace. He w
images/000019083.jpg	r attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s father cam
images/000019084.jpg	orm from an ugly caterpillar into a beauti
images/000019085.jpg	s. In fact, he used to spend a lot of time aroun
images/000019086.jpg	ammer one nail to the fence every time he became
images/000019087.jpg	Millan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur
images/000019088.jpg	nd noticed that the bags of salt loaded 
images/000019089.jpg	nt and discipline to learn English well. In or
images/000019090.jpg	wings, shrink the body and the wings could suppo
images/000019091.jpg	 little boy found it very difficult to hammer 
images/000019092.jpg	n to understand the world as it is, so they are 
images/000019093.jpg	he forest for many years. I guess he is too bus
images/000019094.jpg	inds open to better ways of seeing things. C
images/000019095.jpg	r the butterfly and removed the remaining coc
images/000019096.jpg	. I want to be happy all the time. But I have pu
images/000019097.jpg	oliday is coming.I am going to do many thin
images/000019098.jpg	dy convert into wings. Thus, the body would beco
images/000019099.jpg	tition, the price has been marked down ove
images/000019100.jpg	ith withered wings and huge body. It was never ab
images/000019101.jpg	et’s go home now before you catch a cold
images/000019102.jpg	hear his order as it would destroy the life of t
images/000019103.jpg	ding materials, which can also help accumulate 
images/000019104.jpg	he forgot what he spoke in anger, his fri
images/000019105.jpg	. It seemed that the butterfly tried its
images/000019106.jpg	leather so that people might feel comfortable, im
images/000019107.jpg	 was happy that he made the butterfly co
images/000019108.jpg	 destroy the life of thousands of cows to ge
images/000019109.jpg	 world. He decided to sit over and watch how the 
images/000019110.jpg	h well. In order to improve the ability of E
images/000019111.jpg	al days that he did not hammer any nail and 
images/000019112.jpg	h their king and they were proud that their 
images/000019113.jpg	ry depressed due to his bad temper. The boy used
images/000019114.jpg	e became too big to fit through the hole
images/000019115.jpg	 felt thirsty and decided to leave the trunk and 
images/000019116.jpg	 the sufficient quantity of leather and it
images/000019117.jpg	ant part in shaping children's personality. 
images/000019118.jpg	ssed with the disappearance of all the ballpo
images/000019119.jpg	nce-based advice or set themselves against wh
images/000019120.jpg	d due to his bad temper. The boy used to
images/000019121.jpg	s are now widely applied in almost every fiel
images/000019122.jpg	do well in the exam, they just want me to
images/000019123.jpg	en Fritz appeared with his little niece Emily
images/000019124.jpg	ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In
images/000019125.jpg	tch how the butterfly would come out of t
images/000019126.jpg	ed, ‘a hole in the fence!’He told the boy, “The
images/000019127.jpg	ters per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours
images/000019128.jpg	ho can drop in on friends and relatives wit
images/000019129.jpg	 that focuses on common human needs and seeks
images/000019130.jpg	eave the trunk and drink some water from a n
images/000019131.jpg	oses. Some students need it to read Engl
images/000019132.jpg	 they must keep in mind that different th
images/000019133.jpg	 package. The hungry fox immediately thought t
images/000019134.jpg	nd asked him pointing to the hole, ‘What
images/000019135.jpg	ssed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former 
images/000019136.jpg	ectively more than in other countries' family
images/000019137.jpg	invited all worries for his parents throu
images/000019138.jpg	ss. It seemed that the butterfly tried its best
images/000019139.jpg	physical abuse! Use words for good. Use 
images/000019140.jpg	 ugly caterpillar into a beautiful one.He saw a
images/000019141.jpg	ve been proud of.People have different opi
images/000019142.jpg	huge bag of nails. He asked his son to ham
images/000019143.jpg	 deal. There is a drastic increase of the hours 
images/000019144.jpg	urprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been a
images/000019145.jpg	m the fence. However, there remained a few na
images/000019146.jpg	ruggles the butterfly would have emerged like
images/000019147.jpg	 in anger, his friends and neighbours avoi
images/000019148.jpg	ciated him and asked him pointing to the hole, ‘
images/000019149.jpg	r different purposes. Some students need i
images/000019150.jpg	the story of "The Right Son at the Right Time
images/000019151.jpg	d has never seen snow before,” Fritz told
images/000019152.jpg	he boy used to get angry very soon and taunt oth
images/000019153.jpg	tmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy bui
images/000019154.jpg	er important part in shaping children's persona
images/000019155.jpg	to my grandma's house,because I miss her very mu
images/000019156.jpg	e made an order to cover the road of the whole 
images/000019157.jpg	what was his alternative idea. The minister 
images/000019158.jpg	ry hungry. No matter how hard he tried, the fox 
images/000019159.jpg	ery soon and taunt others with his words. His bad
images/000019160.jpg	me out of the cocoon. He was watching the butter
images/000019161.jpg	He thought that at any time, the butterfly migh
images/000019162.jpg	expanded or enlarged nor the swollen body 
images/000019163.jpg	al weeks, he returned to the palace. He was
images/000019164.jpg	hey were hammered on people. You can remove the n
images/000019165.jpg	hammer in the fence for 30 times on the first
images/000019166.jpg	bs more than ten times up, indicating com
images/000019167.jpg	old the boy, “The nails were your bad tempe
images/000019168.jpg	 the revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Gu
images/000019169.jpg	iety. Humanism calls for us to pay closer
images/000019170.jpg	us do things more quickly. Further more, it
images/000019171.jpg	The young man's actions were the example o
images/000019172.jpg	reflies. One of the young monkeys thought it w
images/000019173.jpg	 of hardship. Don't be intimidated even thou
images/000019174.jpg	ing children's character. As parents, they shou
images/000019175.jpg	little boy lived with his father and mother. He
images/000019176.jpg	rink some water from a nearby spring. However, 
images/000019177.jpg	his back became lighter.There was nothing the m
images/000019178.jpg	could see his fellow people leading a propitiou
images/000019179.jpg	so that many people can afford their own perso
images/000019180.jpg	prise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been aroun
images/000019181.jpg	or not. When it comes to the problem of generat
images/000019182.jpg	 of reading materials, which can also help ac
images/000019183.jpg	ds due to anger. He invited all worries for his
images/000019184.jpg	and over again so that many people can afford
images/000019185.jpg	r. But instead of the load becoming lighter, it 
images/000019186.jpg	 that the bags of salt loaded on his back
images/000019187.jpg	gressing of the society, computers are now
images/000019188.jpg	 Their voices are not taken into account. Th
images/000019189.jpg	ld not find food. Finally he went to the 
images/000019190.jpg	e had controlled his anger. Several days passe
images/000019191.jpg	r taking care of me, she also has to work. Th
images/000019192.jpg	n a Chinese family are respectively more than 
images/000019193.jpg	. He asked his son to hammer one nail to the fe
images/000019194.jpg	 the world, the gap between them will be narrow
images/000019195.jpg	end, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail
images/000019196.jpg	 cow to cover the road with leather? Rather
images/000019197.jpg	nt purposes. Some students need it to read En
images/000019198.jpg	ts to us. It makes us do things more quick
images/000019199.jpg	ay, his father gave him a huge bag of nails. He
images/000019200.jpg	d has never seen snow before,” Fritz tol
images/000019201.jpg	ert into wings. Thus, the body would become
images/000019202.jpg	vities. The more you speak, the better your spok
images/000019203.jpg	 it gives us insights into other cultures an
images/000019204.jpg	most essential quality for successful En
images/000019205.jpg	sion and love for butterflies decided to help 
images/000019206.jpg	 needs and seeks rational ways of solving h
images/000019207.jpg	Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy bu
images/000019208.jpg	 to make larger opening for the butterfly and 
images/000019209.jpg	illage, a little boy lived with his fathe
images/000019210.jpg	 forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home now b
images/000019211.jpg	e fence never look the same! It has scar
images/000019212.jpg	treat our fellows with respect and toleranc
images/000019213.jpg	happy. I know I should relax myself and be happy.
images/000019214.jpg	do we die? For all the answers, stick your thumb
images/000019215.jpg	ut most of the nails from the fence. However
images/000019216.jpg	 and chronically depressed robot; and Ve
images/000019217.jpg	nd develop kindness. Unfortunately, all t
images/000019218.jpg	n with tiny opening. It meant that the b
images/000019219.jpg	reat our fellows with respect and tolerance, ma
images/000019220.jpg	hat families offer the environment of living,
images/000019221.jpg	ht a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf an
images/000019222.jpg	e fox had eaten so much food that he becam
images/000019223.jpg	 as it is, so they are the dearest parts in on
images/000019224.jpg	ssed due to his bad temper. The boy used
images/000019225.jpg	 He decided to sit over and watch how the b
images/000019226.jpg	e are two apparent factors which affect a perso
images/000019227.jpg	 learn English well. In order to improve 
images/000019228.jpg	o that many people can afford their own 
images/000019229.jpg	 noticed what they were doing. The sparrow 
images/000019230.jpg	y found it hilarious and accepted to do what
images/000019231.jpg	eautiful and had a swollen body with small an
images/000019232.jpg	 care and shelter, while friends give them s
images/000019233.jpg	oy the life of thousands of cows to get the 
images/000019234.jpg	ger opening for the butterfly and removed 
images/000019235.jpg	.In a word, families offer children warmth, 
images/000019236.jpg	 examples that demonstrate humanism. The spiri
images/000019237.jpg	e. He was quite happy that he visited many p
images/000019238.jpg	oy the life of thousands of cows to get 
images/000019239.jpg	ng things. Computers largely broaden our vis
images/000019240.jpg	favor of their children's hairstyle and weird c
images/000019241.jpg	eyOne beautiful spring morning, a merchan
images/000019242.jpg	ted all worries for his parents through 
images/000019243.jpg	ught a lot of benefits to us. It makes us
images/000019244.jpg	ents may not be in favor of their children's hai
images/000019245.jpg	 Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chro
images/000019246.jpg	eather shoes for him and requested the countrymen
images/000019247.jpg	 with his words. His bad temper made him f
images/000019248.jpg	ame.  The father appreciated him and asked him 
images/000019249.jpg	r do some housework. She was really tired whe
images/000019250.jpg	in the world is difficult for one who se
images/000019251.jpg	 and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate st
images/000019252.jpg	 the body convert into wings. Thus, the b
images/000019253.jpg	ery hard for hours to come out through the tiny o
images/000019254.jpg	advice or set themselves against what the elde
images/000019255.jpg	re remained a few nails that the boy cou
images/000019256.jpg	 elders' experience-based advice or set t
images/000019257.jpg	rom the fence. However, there remained a few
images/000019258.jpg	led. Finally, the boy’s father came up with a
images/000019259.jpg	life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of c
images/000019260.jpg	r voices are not taken into account. These 
images/000019261.jpg	tunately, neither the wings expanded or enl
images/000019262.jpg	 his parents through the verbal usage. While he f
images/000019263.jpg	whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail pa
images/000019264.jpg	rst surroundings is the family in which he w
images/000019265.jpg	e better your spoken English will be. Noth
images/000019266.jpg	to watch the butterfly fly with its beauti
images/000019267.jpg	t. The monkeys were sitting on the same tree.
images/000019268.jpg	The hungry fox immediately thought that the
images/000019269.jpg	urs to about 19 hours. The number climbs m
images/000019270.jpg	ought a lot of benefits to us. It makes 
images/000019271.jpg	 the first surroundings is the family in which he
images/000019272.jpg	ers, so family does play an important rol
images/000019273.jpg	o eat. After the fox had finished eating, he fel
images/000019274.jpg	t to interact with his people and accomp
images/000019275.jpg	butterfly would struggle to transform from an
images/000019276.jpg	ee TrunkOnce upon a time, there was a hungry fox
images/000019277.jpg	 well in the exam, they just want me to b
images/000019278.jpg	 out a few nails. The fence never look the
images/000019279.jpg	 the road of the whole country with leath
images/000019280.jpg	ly does play an important role in shaping child
images/000019281.jpg	 the fence was reduced to half. The little boy 
images/000019282.jpg	lived under the rule of a king. The people
images/000019283.jpg	 that their king was so kind with a good hear
images/000019284.jpg	it, and he became very happy. He jumped int
images/000019285.jpg	erfly that was never able to live a life lik
images/000019286.jpg	and he was quite eager to watch the butterfl
images/000019287.jpg	.If we don’t want to undergo any struggle, 
images/000019288.jpg	to pick up at a cocktail party once upon a tim
images/000019289.jpg	household consisting of three generations is 
images/000019290.jpg	gs expanded or enlarged nor the swollen body 
images/000019291.jpg	 of the monkeys said, “I wish we could fin
images/000019292.jpg	er ways of seeing things. Computers large
images/000019293.jpg	 he also bring presents to animal children?” Em
images/000019294.jpg	s donkey with bags of salt to go to the mar
images/000019295.jpg	with friends one can get into the society and bec
images/000019296.jpg	 opinions on the reasons why generation gap c
images/000019297.jpg	her, you can just have a piece of leather cu
images/000019298.jpg	hasn’t been around this part of the forest for ma
images/000019299.jpg	e the hole was a package. The hungry fox immediat
images/000019300.jpg	, people's ideas are not cut from the same clot
images/000019301.jpg	en to better ways of seeing things. Computer
images/000019302.jpg	fly would struggle to transform from an ug
images/000019303.jpg	mained a few nails that the boy could not pull
images/000019304.jpg	ther countries' family. In China, childr
images/000019305.jpg	s are more painful than physical abuse! U
images/000019306.jpg	e or set themselves against what the elders
images/000019307.jpg	tudents should have some ideal qualities 
images/000019308.jpg	d not hammer any nail and he did not lose
images/000019309.jpg	as Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t 
images/000019310.jpg	turned out Emily also didn’t know much about C
images/000019311.jpg	all their attempts failed. Finally, the b
images/000019312.jpg	nd his donkey were walking along together. They h
images/000019313.jpg	r one was born, the first surroundings is the 
images/000019314.jpg	lls for us to pay closer attention to our fellow
images/000019315.jpg	table, immediately.The king thought that he had 
images/000019316.jpg	ily in which he will grow up. Parents are childre
images/000019317.jpg	nd decided to leave the trunk and drink s
images/000019318.jpg	could not tolerate the pain as he walked all th
images/000019319.jpg	uence a person's growth. There are two a
images/000019320.jpg	 trees in the forest. He was going to eat it f
images/000019321.jpg	for good. Use them to embrace the relationships. 
images/000019322.jpg	ome out of its cocoon would let the fluid sto
images/000019323.jpg	ning for the butterfly and removed the remaining
images/000019324.jpg	uous effort from the butterfly to come out of its
images/000019325.jpg	key were walking along together. They had
images/000019326.jpg	 to different generations. Those who grow up in h
images/000019327.jpg	a pair of leather shoes for him and request
images/000019328.jpg	h learning is perseverance in face of hards
images/000019329.jpg	eatening emergency, humanism can be as importa
images/000019330.jpg	will you do on Summer Holiday?When I do wel
images/000019331.jpg	colded kids, neighbours and even his friends
images/000019332.jpg	 into the water. But instead of the load beco
images/000019333.jpg	the fluid stored in the body convert into wi
images/000019334.jpg	e felt thirsty and decided to leave the 
images/000019335.jpg	at they don’t care how I do well in the ex
images/000019336.jpg	non? As far as I know, it involves several reas
images/000019337.jpg	ce-based advice or set themselves against wh
images/000019338.jpg	d, brilliant, and chronically depressed robot; 
images/000019339.jpg	ory of "The Right Son at the Right Time".
images/000019340.jpg	at deal. There is a drastic increase of the
images/000019341.jpg	manism. If we treat our fellows with respect
images/000019342.jpg	 Claus is only for human children,” Fritz
images/000019343.jpg	ful and had a swollen body with small and withe
images/000019344.jpg	s. I guess he is too busy visiting all the human
images/000019345.jpg	aid he was very much worried about the people w
images/000019346.jpg	ith the cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly
images/000019347.jpg	ries - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, 
images/000019348.jpg	help us to keep warm”.Suddenly they noticed a 
images/000019349.jpg	 one can get into the society and become sociab
images/000019350.jpg	Gradually, the number of nails hammered to the fe
images/000019351.jpg	 to the edge of the forest and searched t
images/000019352.jpg	ng. Some think that maybe the old generatio
images/000019353.jpg	Once upon a time, there was a hungry fox th
images/000019354.jpg	English textbooks or jonrnals and attend En
images/000019355.jpg	ot be in favor of their children's hairstyle 
images/000019356.jpg	e number of nails hammered to the fence was reduc
images/000019357.jpg	me very happy. He jumped into the hole and w
images/000019358.jpg	h the struggles the butterfly would have
images/000019359.jpg	 struggling very hard for hours to come out
images/000019360.jpg	or a pair of leather shoes for him and reque
images/000019361.jpg	 shell for several hours. He spent almos
images/000019362.jpg	tention to our fellows. Occasional examples of h
images/000019363.jpg	busy building a snowman when Fritz appeared with
images/000019364.jpg	ing through the struggles the butterfly would
images/000019365.jpg	neighbours avoided him.His mother and f
images/000019366.jpg	ral weeks, he returned to the palace. He was
images/000019367.jpg	as a cold and silent night. The weather was fre
images/000019368.jpg	e! Use words for good. Use them to embrace the 
images/000019369.jpg	 to my parents, they are so happy to see me do w
images/000019370.jpg	kind with a good heart!After several week
images/000019371.jpg	n I was go to school. Except for taking care of 
images/000019372.jpg	e road.Unfortunately, the donkey slipped 
images/000019373.jpg	 scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make lar
images/000019374.jpg	a hungry fox that was looking for something
images/000019375.jpg	n and the butterfly. The butterfly had been stru
images/000019376.jpg	 a pair of scissors and tweaked the coco
images/000019377.jpg	 huge bag of nails. He asked his son to hammer o
images/000019378.jpg	er you admit it or not. When it comes to the 
images/000019379.jpg	children warmth, care and shelter, while friends
images/000019380.jpg	 a lot of benefits to us. It makes us do 
images/000019381.jpg	he became very happy. He jumped into the hole a
images/000019382.jpg	ying a more and more important role in m
images/000019383.jpg	eek, ranging from about 1.5 hours to about
images/000019384.jpg	in almost every field of our life. Meanwh
images/000019385.jpg	de an order to cover the road of the whol
images/000019386.jpg	trunk and drink some water from a nearby spring
images/000019387.jpg	ecause I like playing soccer.During the su
images/000019388.jpg	cided to go on a travel to visit places of
images/000019389.jpg	 generations. Those who grow up in happy famil
images/000019390.jpg	rs to about 19 hours. The number climbs more th
images/000019391.jpg	 generations is common.Chinese families are ho
images/000019392.jpg	timidated even though you find others spe
images/000019393.jpg	do we die? For all the answers, stick your
images/000019394.jpg	ut the same.  The father appreciated him a
images/000019395.jpg	 about our winters.”It turned out Emily
images/000019396.jpg	 comfortable and were very stony. He could 
images/000019397.jpg	tudents should have some ideal qualities to 
images/000019398.jpg	an remind us of the meaning of humanism. If 
images/000019399.jpg	ot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate st
images/000019400.jpg	w how a butterfly would struggle to transform 
images/000019401.jpg	rents tell me that they don’t care how I do w
images/000019402.jpg	l over! You can stab a man with a knife,
images/000019403.jpg	t became heavier.Cocoon and the ButterflyMany o
images/000019404.jpg	 coming.I am going to do many things that 
images/000019405.jpg	r and they were hammered on people. You can
images/000019406.jpg	ildren,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget
images/000019407.jpg	ould become lighter and smaller and the 
images/000019408.jpg	duced her.“Emily is from the South and h
images/000019409.jpg	 grandma's house,because I miss her very much.
images/000019410.jpg	s gathering around the television in the ev
images/000019411.jpg	 These different ideas disturb both of t
images/000019412.jpg	hronically depressed robot; and Veet Vooja
images/000019413.jpg	essed with the disappearance of all the ballpo
images/000019414.jpg	the better your spoken English will be. Nothing 
images/000019415.jpg	 have different opinions on the reasons why g
images/000019416.jpg	as an out-of-work actor.Together, this 
images/000019417.jpg	fence was reduced and the day arrived whe
images/000019418.jpg	 nail to the fence every time he became ang
images/000019419.jpg	ive with their parents even after they get ma
images/000019420.jpg	ger beautiful and had a swollen body wit
images/000019421.jpg	. He ordered for a pair of leather shoes for
images/000019422.jpg	rent purposes. Some students need it to read En
images/000019423.jpg	y don’t care how I do well in the exam, they just
images/000019424.jpg	as it would destroy the life of thousands of c
images/000019425.jpg	his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the re
images/000019426.jpg	seen him, myself.”“Neither have I,” Harry adde
images/000019427.jpg	akes the world a more beautiful place to live in
images/000019428.jpg	 came up with an idea.One day, his father gave h
images/000019429.jpg	le was a package. The hungry fox immediately tho
images/000019430.jpg	ving human problems.There are many examples t
images/000019431.jpg	e then returned home again but re-loaded his donk
images/000019432.jpg	o this phenomenon? As far as I know, it involves 
images/000019433.jpg	the people.His ministers were stunned t
images/000019434.jpg	hile he cut down trees in the forest. He w
images/000019435.jpg	ell for several hours. He spent almost more than 
images/000019436.jpg	ons should be responsible for solving the probl
images/000019437.jpg	ent obsessed with the disappearance of all t
images/000019438.jpg	ut of its cocoon would let the fluid stored in th
images/000019439.jpg	or exampie,first I will jion a soccer club,beca
images/000019440.jpg	hile he forgot what he spoke in anger, his frie
images/000019441.jpg	 Each member of the family contributes to
images/000019442.jpg	o the elders' experience-based advice or se
images/000019443.jpg	aces of historical importance and pilgrim 
images/000019444.jpg	r king and they were proud that their kin
images/000019445.jpg	ehold is always friendly, welcoming, and 
images/000019446.jpg	and attend English lectures, while some students 
images/000019447.jpg	et free the firefly and moved to a nearby cav
images/000019448.jpg	were hammered on people. You can remove the na
images/000019449.jpg	 and the boy was able to pull out most o
images/000019450.jpg	ys passed and the boy was able to pull o
images/000019451.jpg	fellows. Occasional examples of human go
images/000019452.jpg	ffer the environment of living, friends make ano
images/000019453.jpg	s they had a very prosperous life with abundanc
images/000019454.jpg	ment and happiness of the people.His min
images/000019455.jpg	ssed and the boy was able to pull out most of
images/000019456.jpg	y all the time. But I have put so much pressure 
images/000019457.jpg	e used to spend a lot of time around but
images/000019458.jpg	 are playing a more and more important ro
images/000019459.jpg	mily does play an important role in shaping chil
images/000019460.jpg	 beautiful and had a swollen body with small and 
images/000019461.jpg	 One of the young monkeys thought it was fire
images/000019462.jpg	ld have emerged like any other beautiful butterfl
images/000019463.jpg	 friends due to anger. He invited all worr
images/000019464.jpg	e wound will remain there forever. Your b
images/000019465.jpg	ter your spoken English will be. Nothing in the
images/000019466.jpg	The sparrow continued: “I think all of y
images/000019467.jpg	he same time they must keep in mind that dif
images/000019468.jpg	rds for good. Use them to embrace the relationshi
images/000019469.jpg	oon and taunt others with his words. His bad 
images/000019470.jpg	red in the body convert into wings. Thus, the b
images/000019471.jpg	 speak, the better your spoken English will be. 
images/000019472.jpg	rdship. Don't be intimidated even though yo
images/000019473.jpg	w my paper to my parents, they are so happy to 
images/000019474.jpg	m. Most of the things that young generation is ke
images/000019475.jpg	st teachers, so family does play an important rol
images/000019476.jpg	 important role in shaping children's cha
images/000019477.jpg	w how a butterfly would struggle to transfo
images/000019478.jpg	donkey were walking along together. They
images/000019479.jpg	minds open to better ways of seeing things.
images/000019480.jpg	des should talk over their problems with each oth
images/000019481.jpg	 lose his temper. He told his father that it wa
images/000019482.jpg	students need it to read English textbooks or j
images/000019483.jpg	hout any more struggles. He continued to watch 
images/000019484.jpg	tricky donkey again set on its way. On reaching t
images/000019485.jpg	onkeyShort Stories - A Merchant and his Do
images/000019486.jpg	ant that the butterfly was trying to make its w
images/000019487.jpg	ould take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys 
images/000019488.jpg	ame very happy. He jumped into the hole and whe
images/000019489.jpg	the butterfly would have emerged like any
images/000019490.jpg	 so much food that he became too big to fit th
images/000019491.jpg	 miss her very much.I want to stay with he
images/000019492.jpg	 of nails hammered to the fence was reduced and 
images/000019493.jpg	Dent is plucked off the planet by his friend
images/000019494.jpg	ter had placed the food in the tree trunk whil
images/000019495.jpg	and to the old man in time of need. The young m
images/000019496.jpg	unk while he cut down trees in the forest.
images/000019497.jpg	ge body. It was never able to fly all th
images/000019498.jpg	learn English well. In order to improve the abi
images/000019499.jpg	 father consoled him in many ways to give u
images/000019500.jpg	sociable.In a word, families offer children
images/000019501.jpg	hen it comes to the problem of generation
images/000019502.jpg	 been proud of.People have different opini
images/000019503.jpg	d of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decli
images/000019504.jpg	sitting on the same tree. She noticed what they
images/000019505.jpg	ed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former gradu
images/000019506.jpg	miss her very much.I want to stay with her for s
images/000019507.jpg	of leather shoes for him and requested th
images/000019508.jpg	itchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last
images/000019509.jpg	 up. Parents are children's first teacher
images/000019510.jpg	 years. I guess he is too busy visiting all
images/000019511.jpg	 requested the countrymen to wear shoes. FoolsI
images/000019512.jpg	 people spend on computers per week, ranging from
images/000019513.jpg	r. In the event of a life-threatening emergenc
images/000019514.jpg	utterfly might expand the wings, shrink the body 
images/000019515.jpg	h their king and they were proud that their
images/000019516.jpg	o have a conversation with their king and they we
images/000019517.jpg	 human children at Christmas time.”“Does he al
images/000019518.jpg	as I know, it involves several reasons. Wit
images/000019519.jpg	ess. Unfortunately, all their attempts f
images/000019520.jpg	 He continued to watch the butterfly and he
images/000019521.jpg	ides keep their minds open to each other's ou
images/000019522.jpg	e day, his father gave him a huge bag of
images/000019523.jpg	it.Views on Generation GapGeneration g
images/000019524.jpg	is difficult for one who sets his mind on 
images/000019525.jpg	isten to the sparrow. They continued to blo
images/000019526.jpg	ned home again but re-loaded his donkey with 
images/000019527.jpg	y of English reading comprehension, one shoul
images/000019528.jpg	 smaller and the wings would be beautiful and l
images/000019529.jpg	er several weeks, he returned to the palac
images/000019530.jpg	 the revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Gu
images/000019531.jpg	ly and frankly.Who Influences Young Adults Most
images/000019532.jpg	ses. Some students need it to read English text
images/000019533.jpg	 his temper. The little boy found it hilario
images/000019534.jpg	ry came to the king and said that he had anot
images/000019535.jpg	ess factors may influence a person's growth. Th
images/000019536.jpg	thur tried to pick up at a cocktail party on
images/000019537.jpg	re a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit in i
images/000019538.jpg	 should have some ideal qualities to succ
images/000019539.jpg	n in the evening.The Importance of HumanismHuma
images/000019540.jpg	isten to the sparrow. They continued to blow 
images/000019541.jpg	One day, my parents tell me that they don’t care 
images/000019542.jpg	ulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making s
images/000019543.jpg	 He decided to travel by foot to interact with h
images/000019544.jpg	es to succeed in English learning. It requ
images/000019545.jpg	 for 30 times on the first day! Every time 
images/000019546.jpg	e other monkeys also joined in his effor
images/000019547.jpg	ze for its wonderful combination of colours. In f
images/000019548.jpg	d. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree with 
images/000019549.jpg	a hungry fox that was looking for something to ea
images/000019550.jpg	nisters that the roads weren’t comfortable and 
images/000019551.jpg	ry time he lost his temper, he ran to the
images/000019552.jpg	day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet
images/000019553.jpg	ded to help the butterfly. He got a pair of scis
images/000019554.jpg	e better. Humanism makes the world a more beau
images/000019555.jpg	an with a knife, but the wound will remain th
images/000019556.jpg	tter. Humanism makes the world a more be
images/000019557.jpg	hungry fox that was looking for something to e
images/000019558.jpg	me tree. She noticed what they were doing. T
images/000019559.jpg	erately, the donkey fell into the river and w
images/000019560.jpg	butterfly would come out of the cocoon. He was w
images/000019561.jpg	n the exam, they just want me to be happy
images/000019562.jpg	ek, ranging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 h
images/000019563.jpg	her in the holidays.What will you do on Summer Ho
images/000019564.jpg	nce upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, 
images/000019565.jpg	totally out-to-lunch president of the gal
images/000019566.jpg	ressure on myself. One day, my parents tell me 
images/000019567.jpg	emolished to make way for a galactic fre
images/000019568.jpg	coon without any more struggles. He continue
images/000019569.jpg	s but still see the holes in the fence. Again, y
images/000019570.jpg	en no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not
images/000019571.jpg	 very happy. He jumped into the hole and when
images/000019572.jpg	ule of a king. The people of the kingdom were 
images/000019573.jpg	r you admit it or not. When it comes to the prob
images/000019574.jpg	lent night. The weather was freezing. A group o
images/000019575.jpg	going to do many things that I want to do. For e
images/000019576.jpg	truggle, we won’t be able to fly!Christmas Surpr
images/000019577.jpg	e fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few nails
images/000019578.jpg	thout any more struggles. He continued to watch 
images/000019579.jpg	iefs that focuses on common human needs and seek
images/000019580.jpg	essing of the society, computers are now w
images/000019581.jpg	y; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaph
images/000019582.jpg	quickly. Further more, it gives us insights into 
images/000019583.jpg	 palace. He was quite happy that he visi
images/000019584.jpg	uch about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?
images/000019585.jpg	t by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher f
images/000019586.jpg	o is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shi
images/000019587.jpg	nts should have some ideal qualities to succ
images/000019588.jpg	 were very happy as they had a very prosperous l
images/000019589.jpg	omplained to his ministers that the roads w
images/000019590.jpg	edge of the forest and searched there for food. S
images/000019591.jpg	ish lectures, while some students need to 
images/000019592.jpg	 a system of beliefs that focuses on common hum
images/000019593.jpg	ll for several hours. He spent almost more tha
images/000019594.jpg	le spend on computers per week, ranging f
images/000019595.jpg	s speaking English better than you. Participat
images/000019596.jpg	world humanism plays an important role in th
images/000019597.jpg	leather cut in appropriate shape to cover you
images/000019598.jpg	ck up at a cocktail party once upon a time zo
images/000019599.jpg	e.Although the man did it with good intention, 
images/000019600.jpg	be narrowed down in time. Both sides should
images/000019601.jpg	 and could see his fellow people leading 
images/000019602.jpg	's house,because I miss her very much.I w
images/000019603.jpg	o wings. Thus, the body would become lighte
images/000019604.jpg	t; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate student o
images/000019605.jpg	leather? Rather, you can just have a piece of 
images/000019606.jpg	 The little boy found it very difficult to hammer
images/000019607.jpg	 need it for different purposes. Some stud
images/000019608.jpg	ult for one who sets his mind on it.Views on Ge
images/000019609.jpg	d courage. They both help children to un
images/000019610.jpg	ster told, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy anim
images/000019611.jpg	end English lectures, while some students 
images/000019612.jpg	le who used to walk along those roads as it w
images/000019613.jpg	tion of colours. In fact, he used to spen
images/000019614.jpg	le some students need to use it to talk to Eng
images/000019615.jpg	oint pens he's bought over the years.Where
images/000019616.jpg	orgot what he spoke in anger, his friends and ne
images/000019617.jpg	t. The monkeys were sitting on the same tree. S
images/000019618.jpg	er. As parents, they should learn to understand t
images/000019619.jpg	urful butterfly comes from an unappealing worm! H
images/000019620.jpg	ly, all their attempts failed. Finally, t
images/000019621.jpg	rticipate in all oral activities. The mo
images/000019622.jpg	nt role in shaping children's character. As paren
images/000019623.jpg	ative idea. The minister told, ‘Why do y
images/000019624.jpg	 and keeps our minds open to better ways
images/000019625.jpg	ell. In order to improve the ability of En
images/000019626.jpg	ened the package, he saw there were a lot of food
images/000019627.jpg	s know that a beautiful and colourful butterf
images/000019628.jpg	ent to the edge of the forest and searched ther
images/000019629.jpg	 he visited many pilgrim centres and could s
images/000019630.jpg	n't feel embarrassed when making some embarrassi
images/000019631.jpg	lebrate holidays and entertain friends. T
images/000019632.jpg	happy that he made the butterfly come out of t
images/000019633.jpg	 eaten so much food that he became too bi
images/000019634.jpg	x had finished eating, he felt thirsty and d
images/000019635.jpg	elebrate holidays and entertain friends. T
images/000019636.jpg	per made him fall for angry words. He scolded ki
images/000019637.jpg	velop kindness. Unfortunately, all their 
images/000019638.jpg	y, computers are now widely applied in almost ev
images/000019639.jpg	y through space aided by a galaxyful of fellow t
images/000019640.jpg	s branches. One of the monkeys said, “I w
images/000019641.jpg	 grow up in happy families tend to have man
images/000019642.jpg	bags of salt to go to the market in orde
images/000019643.jpg	rrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys th
images/000019644.jpg	oday it is used a great deal. There is a drast
images/000019645.jpg	ble and were very stony. He could not toler
images/000019646.jpg	rtunately, the butterfly just crawled around wit
images/000019647.jpg	n for them. The parents of the little boy were
images/000019648.jpg	epressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former grad
images/000019649.jpg	esearcher for the revised edition of The Hit
images/000019650.jpg	to enjoy its world. He decided to sit over an
images/000019651.jpg	tiful and had a swollen body with small a
images/000019652.jpg	grim centres and could see his fellow people lea
images/000019653.jpg	 the butterfly to come out of its cocoon would 
images/000019654.jpg	ic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the p
images/000019655.jpg	 distance. He complained to his ministers th
images/000019656.jpg	cause I miss her very much.I want to stay wit
images/000019657.jpg	h will be. Nothing in the world is diffi
images/000019658.jpg	Parents are children's first teachers, so fami
images/000019659.jpg	munications with them open, at the same t
images/000019660.jpg	He complained to his ministers that the roads wer
images/000019661.jpg	r.Cocoon and the ButterflyMany of us k
images/000019662.jpg	 for a pair of leather shoes for him and request
images/000019663.jpg	ocoon would let the fluid stored in the 
images/000019664.jpg	lained to his ministers that the roads weren’t
images/000019665.jpg	. Further more, it gives us insights into 
images/000019666.jpg	many things that I want to do. For exampi
images/000019667.jpg	I have put so much pressure on myself. One 
images/000019668.jpg	 can just have a piece of leather cut in 
images/000019669.jpg	 children to understand the world as it is,
images/000019670.jpg	nce never look the same! It has scars all over
images/000019671.jpg	ed and the day arrived when no nail was ham
images/000019672.jpg	z appeared with his little niece Emily and i
images/000019673.jpg	nglish textbooks or jonrnals and attend Engli
images/000019674.jpg	nd with withered wings and huge body. It w
images/000019675.jpg	several generations gathering around the te
images/000019676.jpg	he human children to have much time left for anim
images/000019677.jpg	ng to the hole, ‘What do you see there?’
images/000019678.jpg	y more than in other countries' family. In Chi
images/000019679.jpg	was his alternative idea. The minister tol
images/000019680.jpg	d the boy, “The nails were your bad tempe
images/000019681.jpg	 the forest for many years. I guess he i
images/000019682.jpg	opening for the butterfly and removed the r
images/000019683.jpg	nately, the butterfly just crawled around with wi
images/000019684.jpg	try came to the king and said that he had anothe
images/000019685.jpg	e. The family gathers together to celebrate ho
images/000019686.jpg	offer the environment of living, friends make
images/000019687.jpg	 Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail pa
images/000019688.jpg	 solving the problem. As long as both si
images/000019689.jpg	able to pull out most of the nails from the f
images/000019690.jpg	manism is a system of beliefs that focuses o
images/000019691.jpg	r, there remained a few nails that the boy could 
images/000019692.jpg	come out through the tiny opening. Unfortun
images/000019693.jpg	 or jonrnals and attend English lectures,
images/000019694.jpg	thur Dent is plucked off the planet by his friend
images/000019695.jpg	 Life in ChinaThe members in a Chinese family
images/000019696.jpg	 comfortable and were very stony. He could no
images/000019697.jpg	r was freezing. A group of monkeys were on a tr
images/000019698.jpg	but the wound will remain there forever. Your ba
images/000019699.jpg	s should talk over their problems with each
images/000019700.jpg	the planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a rese
images/000019701.jpg	ys and entertain friends. The household i
images/000019702.jpg	 both of them. Most of the things that y
images/000019703.jpg	ds. The household is always friendly, wel
images/000019704.jpg	or many years. I guess he is too busy visiti
images/000019705.jpg	ick. He then returned home again but re-lo
images/000019706.jpg	uld not pull out.The boy told his fathe
images/000019707.jpg	get married. So a household consisting of three 
images/000019708.jpg	dge of the forest and searched there for food
images/000019709.jpg	ut Emily also didn’t know much about Christmas
images/000019710.jpg	ld do, except return home where he loaded his d
images/000019711.jpg	made him fall for angry words. He scolded kid
images/000019712.jpg	 Except for taking care of me, she also h
images/000019713.jpg	down trees in the forest. He was going t
images/000019714.jpg	Fritz appeared with his little niece Emil
images/000019715.jpg	ristmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were bu
images/000019716.jpg	al quality for successful English learning 
images/000019717.jpg	ing comprehension, one should get access to a l
images/000019718.jpg	s who can drop in on friends and relatives witho
images/000019719.jpg	to the old man in time of need. The youn
images/000019720.jpg	The Importance of HumanismHumanism is a 
images/000019721.jpg	-based advice or set themselves against what 
images/000019722.jpg	st his temper, he ran to the fence and hammered
images/000019723.jpg	imidated even though you find others speaking Eng
images/000019724.jpg	mbination of colours. In fact, he used to spen
images/000019725.jpg	kage, he saw there were a lot of food, bread, me
images/000019726.jpg	 shape to cover your feet?’The king was very 
images/000019727.jpg	gry words. He scolded kids, neighbours and eve
images/000019728.jpg	ite happy that he visited many pilgrim centres a
images/000019729.jpg	nto the river and noticed that the bags of salt
images/000019730.jpg	e playing soccer.During the summer holiday
images/000019731.jpg	r week, ranging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 
images/000019732.jpg	s part of the forest for many years. I guess he i
images/000019733.jpg	 might expand the wings, shrink the body a
images/000019734.jpg	es! The continuous effort from the butterfly to c
images/000019735.jpg	o visitors who can drop in on friends and 
images/000019736.jpg	e scolded kids, neighbours and even his frien
images/000019737.jpg	rings presents and toys to human children at 
images/000019738.jpg	friends. The household is always friendly, welcom
images/000019739.jpg	After several weeks, he returned to the 
images/000019740.jpg	e to accept anything new. Their voices are not 
images/000019741.jpg	e returned to the palace. He was quite h
images/000019742.jpg	 though you find others speaking English b
images/000019743.jpg	ummer holiday, I want to practice more to imp
images/000019744.jpg	, the boy did not lose his temper. He told his fa
images/000019745.jpg	lot of reading materials, which can also he
images/000019746.jpg	rst trip by foot to longer distance. He comp
images/000019747.jpg	a good heart!After several weeks, he returne
images/000019748.jpg	had been struggling very hard for hours to com
images/000019749.jpg	clothes. Young people either turn a deaf 
images/000019750.jpg	e me do well in the exam. I want to be happy a
images/000019751.jpg	 and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate student o
images/000019752.jpg	m a nearby spring. However, no matter how ha
images/000019753.jpg	tally out-to-lunch president of the galaxy; 
images/000019754.jpg	iday is coming.I am going to do many things t
images/000019755.jpg	said to Emily. “So forget about the whole id
images/000019756.jpg	l than physical abuse! Use words for good. Use th
images/000019757.jpg	ybe the old generation is too conservativ
images/000019758.jpg	 correct.They set free the firefly and m
images/000019759.jpg	keyOne beautiful spring morning, a merchant load
images/000019760.jpg	mas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked
images/000019761.jpg	en to the sparrow. They continued to blow a
images/000019762.jpg	er attention to our fellows. Occasional e
images/000019763.jpg	tunately, the butterfly just crawled around wi
images/000019764.jpg	of benefits to us. It makes us do things more 
images/000019765.jpg	native idea. The minister told, ‘Why do y
images/000019766.jpg	intention, only going through the struggles the b
images/000019767.jpg	 to hammer the nails and decided to control his t
images/000019768.jpg	reading materials, which can also help accum
images/000019769.jpg	p kindness. Unfortunately, all their attempts fai
images/000019770.jpg	 climbs more than ten times up, indicatin
images/000019771.jpg	 ago, people happily lived under the rule 
images/000019772.jpg	 as it would destroy the life of thousands of co
images/000019773.jpg	are and shelter, while friends give them s
images/000019774.jpg	omputer is a wonderful machine. Today it is u
images/000019775.jpg	ls. He asked his son to hammer one nail to the 
images/000019776.jpg	ed to make way for a galactic freeway, Arthur D
images/000019777.jpg	on computers per week, ranging from about 1.5 h
images/000019778.jpg	 food. Finally he went to the edge of the forest
images/000019779.jpg	oblems.There are many examples that demonstra
images/000019780.jpg	ellow people leading a propitious life. Ho
images/000019781.jpg	 fence every time he became angry and to lose 
images/000019782.jpg	grim centres and could see his fellow people l
images/000019783.jpg	he trunk and drink some water from a nearby
images/000019784.jpg	amily does play an important role in shap
images/000019785.jpg	Some think that maybe the old generation 
images/000019786.jpg	nts need it to read English textbooks or jonrna
images/000019787.jpg	nt and his donkey were walking along tog
images/000019788.jpg	hen I do well in the exam, I will show my
images/000019789.jpg	t is used a great deal. There is a drastic inc
images/000019790.jpg	r own personal computers.The computer has broug
images/000019791.jpg	t most of the nails from the fence. However, th
images/000019792.jpg	f the family contributes to household duties,
images/000019793.jpg	ffort from the butterfly to come out of its coc
images/000019794.jpg	People have different opinions on the reasons why
images/000019795.jpg	ls for us to pay closer attention to our fello
images/000019796.jpg	aphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up
images/000019797.jpg	lish-speakers, attend seminars, write letter
images/000019798.jpg	 minister. He ordered for a pair of leather s
images/000019799.jpg	ough space aided by a galaxyful of fellow trave
images/000019800.jpg	 to the king and said that he had another
images/000019801.jpg	due to his bad temper. The boy used to get angry 
images/000019802.jpg	with their king and they were proud that t
images/000019803.jpg	l cow to cover the road with leather? Rather, yo
images/000019804.jpg	 leather and it would cost a huge amount of mo
images/000019805.jpg	 themselves against what the elders have b
images/000019806.jpg	In short, the most essential quality for succe
images/000019807.jpg	as are not cut from the same cloth. Parents may n
images/000019808.jpg	t the same.  The father appreciated him a
images/000019809.jpg	 happy that he made the butterfly come out of the
images/000019810.jpg	ing the merchant could do, except return h
images/000019811.jpg	ds make another important part in shaping child
images/000019812.jpg	e caught a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf an
images/000019813.jpg	he merchant could do, except return home wh
images/000019814.jpg	cer.During the summer holiday, I want to practic
images/000019815.jpg	for the butterfly and removed the remainin
images/000019816.jpg	ritz appeared with his little niece Emily
images/000019817.jpg	hout any more struggles. He continued to 
images/000019818.jpg	19 hours. The number climbs more than ten times
images/000019819.jpg	onservative to accept anything new. Their voic
images/000019820.jpg	 they reached the slippery riverbank, now 
images/000019821.jpg	aid, “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not
images/000019822.jpg	ight expand the wings, shrink the body and the w
images/000019823.jpg	e was watching the butterfly struggling to 
images/000019824.jpg	the story of a butterfly that was never a
images/000019825.jpg	family gathers together to celebrate holida
images/000019826.jpg	loaded his donkey with more bags of salt. As
images/000019827.jpg	e food in the tree trunk while he cut down tr
images/000019828.jpg	of food, bread, meat and fruit in it!An old 
images/000019829.jpg	been around this part of the forest for m
images/000019830.jpg	who, for the last fifteen years, has been 
images/000019831.jpg	ows with respect and tolerance, many thin
images/000019832.jpg	reatening emergency, humanism can be as import
images/000019833.jpg	pened the package, he saw there were a lot of fo
images/000019834.jpg	em of generation gap, people's ideas are 
images/000019835.jpg	the hole, ‘What do you see there?’The boy 
images/000019836.jpg	 was looking for something to eat. He was very 
images/000019837.jpg	ts in one's life.Family Life in ChinaThe m
images/000019838.jpg	hed the slippery riverbank, now deliberately, t
images/000019839.jpg	id not lose his temper!Now, his father told h
images/000019840.jpg	ment and discipline to learn English well. In
images/000019841.jpg	a researcher for the revised edition of The Hitc
images/000019842.jpg	butterfly would come out of the cocoon. He
images/000019843.jpg	rying to make its way to enjoy its world. He 
images/000019844.jpg	e doing. The sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey s
images/000019845.jpg	 Chinese family are respectively more than
images/000019846.jpg	r on the road.Unfortunately, the donkey slippe
images/000019847.jpg	id Monty. “I’ve never seen him, myself.”“Neit
images/000019848.jpg	trol his temper.Gradually, the number of nails 
images/000019849.jpg	 father that it was several days that he did no
images/000019850.jpg	t be intimidated even though you find others sp
images/000019851.jpg	denly they noticed a flock of fireflies.
images/000019852.jpg	minds open to better ways of seeing thing
images/000019853.jpg	erful combination of colours. In fact, he used 
images/000019854.jpg	h leather so that people might feel comfortabl
images/000019855.jpg	 are children's first teachers, so family do
images/000019856.jpg	One day, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butter
images/000019857.jpg	elf, “I wish that I had thought a little before
images/000019858.jpg	 Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the co
images/000019859.jpg	ailed. Finally, the boy’s father came up 
images/000019860.jpg	e so happy to see me do well in the exam. I w
images/000019861.jpg	mmer in the fence for 30 times on the firs
images/000019862.jpg	the struggles the butterfly would have emerged li
images/000019863.jpg	agig, a former graduate student obsessed with the
images/000019864.jpg	after continuous attempts for several ho
images/000019865.jpg	s and huge body. It was never able to fly
images/000019866.jpg	hem. Most of the things that young genera
images/000019867.jpg	ojagig, a former graduate student obsessed with
images/000019868.jpg	d the cocoon to make larger opening for th
images/000019869.jpg	butterfly would come out of the cocoon. He was 
images/000019870.jpg	mplained to his ministers that the roads w
images/000019871.jpg	for taking care of me, she also has to work. Ther
images/000019872.jpg	ke larger opening for the butterfly and removed t
images/000019873.jpg	ow they realized what the sparrow had said was 
images/000019874.jpg	nglish better than you. Participate in all oral 
images/000019875.jpg	ld learn to understand their children and keep 
images/000019876.jpg	need English and they need it for different purpo
images/000019877.jpg	nd seeks rational ways of solving human problems
images/000019878.jpg	ford their own personal computers.The comp
images/000019879.jpg	again set on its way. On reaching the ri
images/000019880.jpg	veral weeks, he returned to the palace. He w
images/000019881.jpg	le have different opinions on the reasons why ge
images/000019882.jpg	 could not tolerate the pain as he walke
images/000019883.jpg	r shoes for him and requested the countrymen to w
images/000019884.jpg	er and the wings would be beautiful and 
images/000019885.jpg	ears. I guess he is too busy visiting all the hu
images/000019886.jpg	terflies and had a craze for its wonderful combi
images/000019887.jpg	chant loaded his donkey with bags of salt to go
images/000019888.jpg	. There is a drastic increase of the hours tha
images/000019889.jpg	eople either turn a deaf ear to the elder
images/000019890.jpg	ant me to be happy. I know I should relax myself
images/000019891.jpg	oved the remaining cocoon. The butterfly eme
images/000019892.jpg	e and totally out-to-lunch president of th
images/000019893.jpg	 a king. The people of the kingdom were 
images/000019894.jpg	fly. He got a pair of scissors and tweaked t
images/000019895.jpg	One day, a man saw a cocoon. He loved but
images/000019896.jpg	ime he became angry and to lose his temper.
images/000019897.jpg	oled him in many ways to give up his anger an
images/000019898.jpg	 father told him to remove the nails eve
images/000019899.jpg	ard for hours to come out through the tiny o
images/000019900.jpg	s were your bad temper and they were ham
images/000019901.jpg	ll help my mother do some housework. She was r
images/000019902.jpg	ral generations gathering around the tele
images/000019903.jpg	w people leading a propitious life. However, he 
images/000019904.jpg	But instead of the load becoming lighter,
images/000019905.jpg	bination of colours. In fact, he used to 
images/000019906.jpg	o being. Some think that maybe the old generat
images/000019907.jpg	stmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she ask
images/000019908.jpg	hey should learn to understand their childr
images/000019909.jpg	and his donkey were walking along together.
images/000019910.jpg	y a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod
images/000019911.jpg	 The boy used to get angry very soon and taunt o
images/000019912.jpg	ly was trying to make its way to enjoy its w
images/000019913.jpg	 generation is too conservative to accept
images/000019914.jpg	n. He loved butterflies and had a craze for it
images/000019915.jpg	t through the hole.The fox was very sad and
images/000019916.jpg	the fence every time he became angry and t
images/000019917.jpg	out for the better. Humanism makes the world
images/000019918.jpg	ery field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to th
images/000019919.jpg	ite eager to watch the butterfly fly with it
images/000019920.jpg	s. He decided to travel by foot to inter
images/000019921.jpg	ing through the struggles the butterfly would h
images/000019922.jpg	tion is too conservative to accept anything ne
images/000019923.jpg	nails hammered to the fence was reduced and
images/000019924.jpg	ime he lost his temper, he ran to the fence an
images/000019925.jpg	focuses on common human needs and seeks 
images/000019926.jpg	some housework. She was really tired when
images/000019927.jpg	ions. Those who grow up in happy families tend t
images/000019928.jpg	s hammered to the fence was reduced and the day a
images/000019929.jpg	d to socialize together, with several gen
images/000019930.jpg	 day, his father gave him a huge bag of nails
images/000019931.jpg	ught in the Tree TrunkOnce upon a time, 
images/000019932.jpg	, it gives us insights into other cultures an
images/000019933.jpg	rflies and had a craze for its wonderful combina
images/000019934.jpg	r told, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy an
images/000019935.jpg	nd us of the meaning of humanism. If we t
images/000019936.jpg	nions on the reasons why generation gap comes int
images/000019937.jpg	e again fell into the water. But instead of the
images/000019938.jpg	 tend to socialize together, with several gener
images/000019939.jpg	em of beliefs that focuses on common human needs
images/000019940.jpg	hildren live with their parents even after th
images/000019941.jpg	o undergo any struggle, we won’t be able to fl
images/000019942.jpg	ntinuous effort from the butterfly to com
images/000019943.jpg	e whole idea. Let’s go home now before yo
images/000019944.jpg	n other countries' family. In China, chil
images/000019945.jpg	dship. Don't be intimidated even though 
images/000019946.jpg	es in the fence. Again, you cannot pull 
images/000019947.jpg	It makes us do things more quickly. Further
images/000019948.jpg	educed to half. The little boy found it v
images/000019949.jpg	l see the holes in the fence. Again, you
images/000019950.jpg	ky donkey again set on its way. On reaching th
images/000019951.jpg	l. Except for taking care of me, she also has to 
images/000019952.jpg	ately thought that there might be food in it, and
images/000019953.jpg	y are so happy to see me do well in the exa
images/000019954.jpg	 they must keep in mind that different th
images/000019955.jpg	d tolerance, many things may turn out for the 
images/000019956.jpg	as disturb both of them. Most of the things 
images/000019957.jpg	oon. The butterfly emerged without any struggle
images/000019958.jpg	me think that maybe the old generation i
images/000019959.jpg	there was a hungry fox that was looking for so
images/000019960.jpg	nd smaller and the wings would be beautiful an
images/000019961.jpg	; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod'
images/000019962.jpg	olerance, many things may turn out for the
images/000019963.jpg	young generation is keen on are disgusting
images/000019964.jpg	me, she also has to work. Therefore, I want
images/000019965.jpg	road with leather? Rather, you can just ha
images/000019966.jpg	 to Emily. “So forget about the whole idea. Le
images/000019967.jpg	hole idea. Let’s go home now before you catch a 
images/000019968.jpg	im a huge bag of nails. He asked his son t
images/000019969.jpg	and keep the lines of communications with
images/000019970.jpg	ove my skills.Second I will go to my grandma
images/000019971.jpg	do, except return home where he loaded his donke
images/000019972.jpg	oon. He loved butterflies and had a craze for 
images/000019973.jpg	ar into a beautiful one.He saw a cocoon with
images/000019974.jpg	e than in other countries' family. In Chin
images/000019975.jpg	attention to our fellows. Occasional examples 
images/000019976.jpg	ney through space aided by a galaxyful of fellow
images/000019977.jpg	ver and noticed that the bags of salt lo
images/000019978.jpg	 have different opinions on the reasons why ge
images/000019979.jpg	e pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? For all 
images/000019980.jpg	re doing. The sparrow laughed. She said, 
images/000019981.jpg	brilliant, and chronically depressed robot; and V
images/000019982.jpg	d generation is too conservative to accept 
images/000019983.jpg	consoled him in many ways to give up his 
images/000019984.jpg	ny and unity. Each member of the family cont
images/000019985.jpg	t angry very soon and taunt others with his word
images/000019986.jpg	 “brings presents and toys to human child
images/000019987.jpg	ifferent opinions on the reasons why generat
images/000019988.jpg	 The butterfly had been struggling very har
images/000019989.jpg	ing. Some think that maybe the old generation is
images/000019990.jpg	ns. With the rapid progressing of the so
images/000019991.jpg	r them. The parents of the little boy were 
images/000019992.jpg	ily does play an important role in shaping chil
images/000019993.jpg	ed into the hole and when he opened the package
images/000019994.jpg	k. He then returned home again but re-loaded his
images/000019995.jpg	nd the wings, shrink the body and the win
images/000019996.jpg	tance and pilgrim centres at distant places. H
images/000019997.jpg	cloth. Parents may not be in favor of thei
images/000019998.jpg	ses. Some students need it to read English text
images/000019999.jpg	give them strength and courage. They both help ch
images/000020000.jpg	d English lectures, while some students need to
images/000020001.jpg	friends one can get into the society and be
images/000020002.jpg	nkey were walking along together. They had not wa
images/000020003.jpg	itious life. However, he had regret.He h
images/000020004.jpg	ived with his father and mother. He was the o
images/000020005.jpg	 to learn English well. In order to improve the
images/000020006.jpg	 loaded his donkey with bags of salt to go t
images/000020007.jpg	Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the cold
images/000020008.jpg	oles in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out
images/000020009.jpg	per. The little boy found it hilarious an
images/000020010.jpg	 you find others speaking English better than you
images/000020011.jpg	 Unfortunately, all their attempts failed. Fina
images/000020012.jpg	 the nails every day as he had controlled his an
images/000020013.jpg	ails from the fence. However, there remained a f
images/000020014.jpg	 the last fifteen years, has been posing as a
images/000020015.jpg	er they get married. So a household consi
images/000020016.jpg	up with an idea.One day, his father gave him a h
images/000020017.jpg	ful butterflies! The continuous effort from the
images/000020018.jpg	his father about the same.  The father appreciat
images/000020019.jpg	 Hungry Fox who got Caught in the Tree Tr
images/000020020.jpg	 food that he became too big to fit through the 
images/000020021.jpg	emper. The little boy found it hilarious an
images/000020022.jpg	n fell into the water. But instead of the 
images/000020023.jpg	rney through space aided by a galaxyful of
images/000020024.jpg	ver look the same! It has scars all over!
images/000020025.jpg	n body with small and withered wings.The man w
images/000020026.jpg	lves against what the elders have been proud of.
images/000020027.jpg	A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful s
images/000020028.jpg	ely, the donkey slipped and fell into the rive
images/000020029.jpg	ils but still see the holes in the fence. Aga
images/000020030.jpg	s never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “Sh
images/000020031.jpg	estroy the life of thousands of cows to get the
images/000020032.jpg	king English better than you. Participate 
images/000020033.jpg	rning is perseverance in face of hardship. Don
images/000020034.jpg	 progress. It seemed that the butterfly t
images/000020035.jpg	 time he became angry and to lose his temper. T
images/000020036.jpg	riendly, welcoming, and generous to visitors who
images/000020037.jpg	 to leave the trunk and drink some water from
images/000020038.jpg	evelop kindness. Unfortunately, all their at
images/000020039.jpg	nister told, ‘Why do you want to kill the 
images/000020040.jpg	ity of English reading comprehension, one
images/000020041.jpg	oot to interact with his people and accompany
images/000020042.jpg	 to its branches. One of the monkeys said, “I
images/000020043.jpg	mother do some housework. She was really ti
images/000020044.jpg	ery day as he had controlled his anger. Severa
images/000020045.jpg	 comes into being. Some think that maybe the ol
images/000020046.jpg	 gap comes into being. Some think that may
images/000020047.jpg	donkey again set on its way. On reaching the rive
images/000020048.jpg	 soccer club,because I like playing soccer.
images/000020049.jpg	ut instead of the load becoming lighter, it beca
images/000020050.jpg	 oral activities. The more you speak, the b
images/000020051.jpg	p children to understand the world as it is, so
images/000020052.jpg	tely, the donkey slipped and fell into the
images/000020053.jpg	t Time". The soldier extended a helping hand t
images/000020054.jpg	easons. With the rapid progressing of the 
images/000020055.jpg	mon.Chinese families are hospitable. The family
images/000020056.jpg	 fell into the river and wasted all the bag
images/000020057.jpg	 kindness. Unfortunately, all their attem
images/000020058.jpg	mergency, humanism can be as important as ac
images/000020059.jpg	ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch president 
images/000020060.jpg	umanismHumanism is a system of beliefs that fo
images/000020061.jpg	d! Yet, the boy did not lose his temper. He 
images/000020062.jpg	des should talk over their problems with each oth
images/000020063.jpg	 qualities to succeed in English learning. It
images/000020064.jpg	ho used to walk along those roads as it w
images/000020065.jpg	of the whole country with leather so that peopl
images/000020066.jpg	 to visit places of historical importance
images/000020067.jpg	ple of distant places were so happy to h
images/000020068.jpg	d wings and huge body. It was never able
images/000020069.jpg	surroundings is the family in which he will gro
images/000020070.jpg	of the young monkeys thought it was fire
images/000020071.jpg	n children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget 
images/000020072.jpg	be responsible for solving the problem. 
images/000020073.jpg	” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know much abo
images/000020074.jpg	ggle to transform from an ugly caterpillar into
images/000020075.jpg	erefore, I want to help her in the holidays.Wh
images/000020076.jpg	 Young people either turn a deaf ear to the elde
images/000020077.jpg	so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, myself.”“
images/000020078.jpg	t so much pressure on myself. One day, m
images/000020079.jpg	Rather, you can just have a piece of leather c
images/000020080.jpg	truggles. He continued to watch the butterfly
images/000020081.jpg	 humanism. The spirit of humanism is appa
images/000020082.jpg	to account. These different ideas disturb bo
images/000020083.jpg	uth and has never seen snow before,” Fritz told
images/000020084.jpg	again set on its way. On reaching the river
images/000020085.jpg	ded to help the butterfly. He got a pair o
images/000020086.jpg	ering around the television in the evenin
images/000020087.jpg	 many things may turn out for the better.
images/000020088.jpg	 he will come if I write to him?” Emily asked.
images/000020089.jpg	rstand their children and keep the lines o
images/000020090.jpg	t and the fierce market competition, the pr
images/000020091.jpg	d unity. Each member of the family contributes t
images/000020092.jpg	g people either turn a deaf ear to the el
images/000020093.jpg	onkeys that is a firefly, not real fire”
images/000020094.jpg	the fence was reduced and the day arrived when
images/000020095.jpg	 its nest. The monkeys were sitting on the same t
images/000020096.jpg	can just have a piece of leather cut in appropri
images/000020097.jpg	ronment of living, friends make another impo
images/000020098.jpg	 a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based 
images/000020099.jpg	rt into wings. Thus, the body would become
images/000020100.jpg	ed him and asked him pointing to the hole
images/000020101.jpg	when Fritz appeared with his little niece
images/000020102.jpg	ld support the body.  Unfortunately, neither th
images/000020103.jpg	s at distant places. He decided to travel by 
images/000020104.jpg	a swollen body with small and withered wings.
images/000020105.jpg	m were very happy as they had a very pro
images/000020106.jpg	nd butterflies. He knew how a butterfly would str
images/000020107.jpg	ness. Unfortunately, all their attempts failed. F
images/000020108.jpg	 of humanistic behavior. In the event of
images/000020109.jpg	came heavier.Cocoon and the ButterflyMany of us
images/000020110.jpg	ding a propitious life. However, he had 
images/000020111.jpg	summer holiday, I want to practice more to im
images/000020112.jpg	hips. Use them to show your heart!”A Merchant 
images/000020113.jpg	 the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few nai
images/000020114.jpg	hospitable. The family gathers together to ce
images/000020115.jpg	characters. If we say that families offer the 
images/000020116.jpg	aze for its wonderful combination of colours.
images/000020117.jpg	 can get into the society and become sociable
images/000020118.jpg	girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up
images/000020119.jpg	ng care of me, she also has to work. Theref
images/000020120.jpg	ergency, humanism can be as important as actual
images/000020121.jpg	her for several days.Last I will help my mother 
images/000020122.jpg	manism. The spirit of humanism is apparen
images/000020123.jpg	nto the hole and when he opened the package
images/000020124.jpg	ontributes to household duties, includin
images/000020125.jpg	d's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pic
images/000020126.jpg	down trees in the forest. He was going to eat it
images/000020127.jpg	s our minds open to better ways of seein
images/000020128.jpg	 though you find others speaking English b
images/000020129.jpg	e galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Z
images/000020130.jpg	all worries for his parents through the ver
images/000020131.jpg	ts may not be in favor of their children
images/000020132.jpg	il to the fence every time he became angry and to
images/000020133.jpg	s much time, commitment and discipline to learn E
images/000020134.jpg	 keep in mind that different things appeal to di
images/000020135.jpg	red for a pair of leather shoes for him and requ
images/000020136.jpg	involves several reasons. With the rapid progre
images/000020137.jpg	ge.If we don’t want to undergo any struggle, we
images/000020138.jpg	ening. It meant that the butterfly was try
images/000020139.jpg	d of the load becoming lighter, it became h
images/000020140.jpg	oon to make larger opening for the butterf
images/000020141.jpg	 butterfly was trying to make its way to e
images/000020142.jpg	ired. Now they realized what the sparrow had sai
images/000020143.jpg	e man, who had a passion and love for butt
images/000020144.jpg	y Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Ar
images/000020145.jpg	. “So forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home 
images/000020146.jpg	ce. However, there remained a few nails that 
images/000020147.jpg	der the rule of a king. The people of the kingd
images/000020148.jpg	ny years. I guess he is too busy visiting
images/000020149.jpg	gain set on its way. On reaching the river he
images/000020150.jpg	ing morning, a merchant loaded his donkey wi
images/000020151.jpg	kind with a good heart!After several weeks, he r
images/000020152.jpg	the society, computers are now widely appli
images/000020153.jpg	ed that the bags of salt loaded on his ba
images/000020154.jpg	she also has to work. Therefore, I want to 
images/000020155.jpg	l. There is a drastic increase of the hours t
images/000020156.jpg	 butterfly tried its best and could not give any
images/000020157.jpg	es several reasons. With the rapid progressing
images/000020158.jpg	 the number of nails hammered to the fen
images/000020159.jpg	ew days, the number of nails hammered on the fenc
images/000020160.jpg	tried, the fox could not find food. Finally he w
images/000020161.jpg	 Again, you cannot pull out a few nails. The 
images/000020162.jpg	need it for different purposes. Some students
images/000020163.jpg	e and pilgrim centres at distant places. He dec
images/000020164.jpg	espectively more than in other countries' fam
images/000020165.jpg	late and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel emba
images/000020166.jpg	fferent ideas disturb both of them. Most of th
images/000020167.jpg	 how hard he tried, he could not get out o
images/000020168.jpg	hilarious and accepted to do what his father sai
images/000020169.jpg	ociety. Humanism calls for us to pay clo
images/000020170.jpg	 to get angry very soon and taunt others wi
images/000020171.jpg	ChinaThe members in a Chinese family are re
images/000020172.jpg	 Chinese families tend to socialize together, wit
images/000020173.jpg	 from an ugly caterpillar into a beautiful
images/000020174.jpg	 actual medical treatment.In the civilized w
images/000020175.jpg	terfly and he was quite eager to watch the butter
images/000020176.jpg	verbal usage. While he forgot what he spoke i
images/000020177.jpg	r holiday is coming.I am going to do many things
images/000020178.jpg	ssed when making some embarrassing mistakes
images/000020179.jpg	tay with her for several days.Last I will he
images/000020180.jpg	omes into being. Some think that maybe the
images/000020181.jpg	bundance of wealth and no misfortunes.Th
images/000020182.jpg	generation is too conservative to accept anyth
images/000020183.jpg	our vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when makin
images/000020184.jpg	 its world. He decided to sit over and w
images/000020185.jpg	 with his father and mother. He was the 
images/000020186.jpg	utterfly would have emerged like any other beauti
images/000020187.jpg	king care of me, she also has to work. Ther
images/000020188.jpg	 the first day! Every time he lost his t
images/000020189.jpg	n years, has been posing as an out-of-work a
images/000020190.jpg	 order to improve the ability of English read
images/000020191.jpg	mth, care and shelter, while friends give the
images/000020192.jpg	o interact with his people and accompany them.
images/000020193.jpg	ch about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, W
images/000020194.jpg	d applauded the minister. He ordered for 
images/000020195.jpg	 could do, except return home where he loaded his
images/000020196.jpg	ither have I,” Harry added, shaking his head.
images/000020197.jpg	 river and wasted all the bags of salt o
images/000020198.jpg	on't be intimidated even though you find other
images/000020199.jpg	together, with several generations gathering a
images/000020200.jpg	fly struggling to break the shell for several hou
images/000020201.jpg	Young people either turn a deaf ear to the elde
images/000020202.jpg	 an unappealing worm! Here is the story of
images/000020203.jpg	 mother do some housework. She was really tired 
images/000020204.jpg	man children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget 
images/000020205.jpg	 The spirit of humanism is apparent in the story
images/000020206.jpg	se man from the ministry came to the king a
images/000020207.jpg	ather and mother. He was the only son fo
images/000020208.jpg	oung man's actions were the example of huma
images/000020209.jpg	o transform from an ugly caterpillar into 
images/000020210.jpg	nk so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, mys
images/000020211.jpg	 Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-h
images/000020212.jpg	l for angry words. He scolded kids, neighbours 
images/000020213.jpg	a.One day, his father gave him a huge bag o
images/000020214.jpg	nservative to accept anything new. Their vo
images/000020215.jpg	change this for the betterment and happines
images/000020216.jpg	rankly.Who Influences Young Adults MostCoun
images/000020217.jpg	e student obsessed with the disappearance of al
images/000020218.jpg	a little boy lived with his father and mother. He
images/000020219.jpg	 little boy found it hilarious and accepted to
images/000020220.jpg	want to practice more to improve my skills.Secon
images/000020221.jpg	 of the kingdom were very happy as they had a ve
images/000020222.jpg	d not lose his temper!Now, his father told hi
images/000020223.jpg	etter your spoken English will be. Nothing
images/000020224.jpg	uggle to transform from an ugly caterpillar
images/000020225.jpg	lies offer the environment of living, frien
images/000020226.jpg	for many years. I guess he is too busy visiting
images/000020227.jpg	art of the forest for many years. I guess he is 
images/000020228.jpg	 hairstyle and weird clothes. Young people 
images/000020229.jpg	re many examples that demonstrate humanism. The
images/000020230.jpg	n snow before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn
images/000020231.jpg	mples of human goodness can remind us of the me
images/000020232.jpg	same cloth. Parents may not be in favor of thei
images/000020233.jpg	rtain friends. The household is always friendly,
images/000020234.jpg	he will come if I write to him?” Emily asked.
images/000020235.jpg	ful wings.He thought that at any time, the
images/000020236.jpg	act, he used to spend a lot of time around but
images/000020237.jpg	in fell into the water. But instead of the loa
images/000020238.jpg	l. In order to improve the ability of English r
images/000020239.jpg	 the little boy were very depressed due to his
images/000020240.jpg	or of their children's hairstyle and weir
images/000020241.jpg	of hardship. Don't be intimidated even though yo
images/000020242.jpg	ding the children. Chinese families tend to
images/000020243.jpg	 favor of their children's hairstyle and weird c
images/000020244.jpg	 butterflies and had a craze for its wonderf
images/000020245.jpg	your spoken English will be. Nothing in the world
images/000020246.jpg	for butterflies decided to help the butterfly. 
images/000020247.jpg	ons with them open, at the same time they mus
images/000020248.jpg	 way. On reaching the river he again fel
images/000020249.jpg	his words. His bad temper made him fall for an
images/000020250.jpg	 to anger. He invited all worries for his pa
images/000020251.jpg	 people either turn a deaf ear to the elders
images/000020252.jpg	portance of HumanismHumanism is a system of beli
images/000020253.jpg	anta Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shiveri
images/000020254.jpg	eral weeks, he returned to the palace. He wa
images/000020255.jpg	ends. The household is always friendly, welc
images/000020256.jpg	ocuses on common human needs and seeks ratio
images/000020257.jpg	se different ideas disturb both of them. Most 
images/000020258.jpg	 Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, who
images/000020259.jpg	ws. Occasional examples of human goodness can re
images/000020260.jpg	ls.Second I will go to my grandma's house,
images/000020261.jpg	ation GapGeneration gap exists in our daily life
images/000020262.jpg	al importance and pilgrim centres at dist
images/000020263.jpg	olourful butterfly comes from an unappealing 
images/000020264.jpg	e got a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon 
images/000020265.jpg	umanism plays an important role in the mainten
images/000020266.jpg	 time. But I have put so much pressure on myself
images/000020267.jpg	n myself. One day, my parents tell me that
images/000020268.jpg	re painful than physical abuse! Use words
images/000020269.jpg	k while he cut down trees in the forest. He
images/000020270.jpg	ld find some fire. It will help us to keep warm
images/000020271.jpg	nately, the butterfly looked no longer bea
images/000020272.jpg	es are proud of their harmony and unity. Each me
images/000020273.jpg	wise man from the ministry came to the king
images/000020274.jpg	n,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget abou
images/000020275.jpg	red. Now they realized what the sparrow had
images/000020276.jpg	ere very depressed due to his bad temper. The b
images/000020277.jpg	efits to us. It makes us do things more quic
images/000020278.jpg	 to the fence was reduced and the day arrived w
images/000020279.jpg	le of humanistic behavior. In the event of 
images/000020280.jpg	 butterfly might expand the wings, shrink
images/000020281.jpg	 than ten times up, indicating computers 
images/000020282.jpg	d keeps our minds open to better ways of se
images/000020283.jpg	nships. Use them to show your heart!”A Merchan
images/000020284.jpg	 reasons why generation gap comes into b
images/000020285.jpg	s hammered to the fence was reduced and t
images/000020286.jpg	mes up, indicating computers are playing a 
images/000020287.jpg	 His bad temper made him fall for angry words.
images/000020288.jpg	cows to get the sufficient quantity of leathe
images/000020289.jpg	get angry very soon and taunt others with hi
images/000020290.jpg	bad temper and they were hammered on people
images/000020291.jpg	ry words. He scolded kids, neighbours and even 
images/000020292.jpg	visiting all the human children to have much time
images/000020293.jpg	its best and could not give any more try
images/000020294.jpg	 that he did not hammer any nail and he d
images/000020295.jpg	 every time he became angry and to lose hi
images/000020296.jpg	g to the hole, ‘What do you see there?’The boy 
images/000020297.jpg	uantity of leather and it would cost a huge amoun
images/000020298.jpg	mitment and discipline to learn English well. 
images/000020299.jpg	d not lose his temper. He told his father
images/000020300.jpg	 the butterfly to come out of its cocoon wou
images/000020301.jpg	 was reduced and the day arrived when no nail was
images/000020302.jpg	m Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail pa
images/000020303.jpg	develop kindness. Unfortunately, all their at
images/000020304.jpg	used a great deal. There is a drastic inc
images/000020305.jpg	akers, attend seminars, write letters, etc.Stude
images/000020306.jpg	n and keep the lines of communications with
images/000020307.jpg	he became angry and to lose his temper. The lit
images/000020308.jpg	s life.Although the man did it with good i
images/000020309.jpg	nt loaded his donkey with bags of salt to g
images/000020310.jpg	the bags of salt on its back again.The merchan
images/000020311.jpg	o by contacting with friends one can get 
images/000020312.jpg	. People of distant places were so happy to h
images/000020313.jpg	oblem. As long as both sides keep their minds o
images/000020314.jpg	 live with their parents even after they ge
images/000020315.jpg	xy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaph
images/000020316.jpg	ng all the human children to have much t
images/000020317.jpg	rder to cover the road of the whole coun
images/000020318.jpg	ather told him to remove the nails every 
images/000020319.jpg	he time. But I have put so much pressure on myse
images/000020320.jpg	ends give them strength and courage. They bot
images/000020321.jpg	utterfly would struggle to transform from an ugl
images/000020322.jpg	d eating, he felt thirsty and decided to
images/000020323.jpg	 slipped and fell into the river and notic
images/000020324.jpg	 sparrow had said was correct.They set free t
images/000020325.jpg	.After some time the monkeys became very tired.
images/000020326.jpg	fox could not find food. Finally he went to the
images/000020327.jpg	tchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for 
images/000020328.jpg	s should be responsible for solving the problem
images/000020329.jpg	y need it for different purposes. Some s
images/000020330.jpg	ppery riverbank, now deliberately, the donkey
images/000020331.jpg	ced the food in the tree trunk while he cu
images/000020332.jpg	eather and it would cost a huge amount of money
images/000020333.jpg	ion of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who,
images/000020334.jpg	 decided to help the butterfly. He got a pair 
images/000020335.jpg	t to hammer the nails and decided to contro
images/000020336.jpg	e ideal qualities to succeed in English le
images/000020337.jpg	 silent night. The weather was freezing. A gro
images/000020338.jpg	 household is always friendly, welcoming, a
images/000020339.jpg	re stunned to hear his order as it would destro
images/000020340.jpg	d consisting of three generations is com
images/000020341.jpg	t all the students need English and they need 
images/000020342.jpg	lish lectures, while some students need to 
images/000020343.jpg	hbours and even his friends due to anger. He invi
images/000020344.jpg	 told, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy 
images/000020345.jpg	g was so kind with a good heart!After sev
images/000020346.jpg	 had a swollen body with small and withered 
images/000020347.jpg	mer graduate student obsessed with the disappea
images/000020348.jpg	heir harmony and unity. Each member of the family
images/000020349.jpg	 the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had ea
images/000020350.jpg	drop in on friends and relatives without previ
images/000020351.jpg	 in the world is difficult for one who sets his
images/000020352.jpg	a life-threatening emergency, humanism can be 
images/000020353.jpg	 leather? Rather, you can just have a piece 
images/000020354.jpg	m the same cloth. Parents may not be in favor 
images/000020355.jpg	w travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, 
images/000020356.jpg	inued: “I think all of you should take shelte
images/000020357.jpg	any pleasant characters. If we say that famil
images/000020358.jpg	ead.“You see. Santa Claus is only for h
images/000020359.jpg	he became angry and to lose his temper. The litt
images/000020360.jpg	ve my skills.Second I will go to my grandma's
images/000020361.jpg	.I am going to do many things that I want to
images/000020362.jpg	for many years. I guess he is too busy visi
images/000020363.jpg	 of you should take shelter in a cave”. The monk
images/000020364.jpg	ained, “brings presents and toys to human ch
images/000020365.jpg	and seeks rational ways of solving human problems
images/000020366.jpg	 to celebrate holidays and entertain friend
images/000020367.jpg	 kindness. Unfortunately, all their atte
images/000020368.jpg	, commitment and discipline to learn Engli
images/000020369.jpg	has been marked down over and over again so that 
images/000020370.jpg	 his anger. Several days passed and the bo
images/000020371.jpg	felt thirsty and decided to leave the trunk and
images/000020372.jpg	 so family does play an important role in sh
images/000020373.jpg	iety and become sociable.In a word, famil
images/000020374.jpg	re proud that their king was so kind with a goo
images/000020375.jpg	t the Right Time". The soldier extended a
images/000020376.jpg	former graduate student obsessed with the disappe
images/000020377.jpg	English better than you. Participate in al
images/000020378.jpg	 nails. The fence never look the same! It ha
images/000020379.jpg	s? Why are we born? Why do we die? For a
images/000020380.jpg	egan a journey through space aided by a g
images/000020381.jpg	 group of monkeys were on a tree. They were cli
images/000020382.jpg	ful English LearnerAlmost all the students n
images/000020383.jpg	 failed. Finally, the boy’s father came up with 
images/000020384.jpg	ly he went to the edge of the forest and se
images/000020385.jpg	h the disappearance of all the ballpoint
images/000020386.jpg	ody convert into wings. Thus, the body would
images/000020387.jpg	s of human goodness can remind us of the meanin
images/000020388.jpg	w hard he tried, he could not get out of 
images/000020389.jpg	t lose his temper. He told his father that 
images/000020390.jpg	e heavier.Cocoon and the ButterflyMany of us k
images/000020391.jpg	all village, a little boy lived with his fath
images/000020392.jpg	s should have some ideal qualities to succeed in
images/000020393.jpg	bout the same.  The father appreciated him an
images/000020394.jpg	owed down in time. Both sides should talk over
images/000020395.jpg	p accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Do
images/000020396.jpg	e pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? 
images/000020397.jpg	l by foot to interact with his people and a
images/000020398.jpg	dea. Let’s go home now before you catch a cold.
images/000020399.jpg	 after they get married. So a household co
images/000020400.jpg	 father and mother. He was the only son for the
images/000020401.jpg	 One of the monkeys said, “I wish we could find 
images/000020402.jpg	asant characters. If we say that families offer
images/000020403.jpg	ening for the butterfly and removed the remai
images/000020404.jpg	ning. It meant that the butterfly was trying
images/000020405.jpg	k up at a cocktail party once upon a tim
images/000020406.jpg	ithout any more struggles. He continued 
images/000020407.jpg	an ten times up, indicating computers are
images/000020408.jpg	n to the sparrow. They continued to blow at our
images/000020409.jpg	ntres and could see his fellow people leading a
images/000020410.jpg	tterfly. He got a pair of scissors and tweake
images/000020411.jpg	 several days that he did not hammer any
images/000020412.jpg	t it was several days that he did not hammer a
images/000020413.jpg	my mother do some housework. She was really tired
images/000020414.jpg	nts may not be in favor of their children
images/000020415.jpg	ing for something to eat. He was very hungry.
images/000020416.jpg	 planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a res
images/000020417.jpg	nts, they are so happy to see me do well in the 
images/000020418.jpg	pointing to the hole, ‘What do you see there?’T
images/000020419.jpg	 “I wish we could find some fire. It will 
images/000020420.jpg	nd noticed that the bags of salt loaded on hi
images/000020421.jpg	Influences Young Adults MostCountless fa
images/000020422.jpg	roup of monkeys were on a tree. They were cl
images/000020423.jpg	to watch the butterfly fly with its beautif
images/000020424.jpg	 at the Right Time". The soldier extended a helpi
images/000020425.jpg	n remove the nails but still see the holes i
images/000020426.jpg	There are two apparent factors which affect a 
images/000020427.jpg	s.There are many examples that demonstrate
images/000020428.jpg	es in the fence. Again, you cannot pull ou
images/000020429.jpg	ne beautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded
images/000020430.jpg	tions were the example of humanistic behavior. In
images/000020431.jpg	comes into being. Some think that maybe the ol
images/000020432.jpg	eed. The young man's actions were the exa
images/000020433.jpg	ut re-loaded his donkey with bags of spo
images/000020434.jpg	hungry fox that was looking for somethin
images/000020435.jpg	ny more struggles. He continued to watch the 
images/000020436.jpg	 "The Right Son at the Right Time". The soldier e
images/000020437.jpg	g to make its way to enjoy its world. He decide
images/000020438.jpg	do you want to kill the holy animal cow to
images/000020439.jpg	 She was really tired when I was go to school. 
images/000020440.jpg	s before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I
images/000020441.jpg	living, friends make another important part in
images/000020442.jpg	w, his father told him to remove the nails e
images/000020443.jpg	ve a piece of leather cut in appropriate shape to
images/000020444.jpg	 for its wonderful combination of colours. 
images/000020445.jpg	fox was very sad and upset. He told himself,
images/000020446.jpg	 and to lose his temper. The little boy found
images/000020447.jpg	ered! Yet, the boy did not lose his tempe
images/000020448.jpg	u think he will come if I write to him?” E
images/000020449.jpg	eautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded h
images/000020450.jpg	 cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that t
images/000020451.jpg	y did not lose his temper. He told his father 
images/000020452.jpg	ng children's character. As parents, the
images/000020453.jpg	mered! Yet, the boy did not lose his temper
images/000020454.jpg	rfly would come out of the cocoon. He was wat
images/000020455.jpg	 Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering i
images/000020456.jpg	g comprehension, one should get access to a 
images/000020457.jpg	re bags of salt. As they reached the slippery r
images/000020458.jpg	ed due to his bad temper. The boy used to get
images/000020459.jpg	think he will come if I write to him?” Emily as
images/000020460.jpg	 live with their parents even after they g
images/000020461.jpg	ce. He was quite happy that he visited many p
images/000020462.jpg	.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number cl
images/000020463.jpg	e butterfly looked no longer beautiful and had a 
images/000020464.jpg	People of distant places were so happy to have
images/000020465.jpg	r have I,” Harry added, shaking his head.“You
images/000020466.jpg	ather shoes for him and requested the countryme
images/000020467.jpg	t! Words are more painful than physical 
images/000020468.jpg	nd taunt others with his words. His bad temper m
images/000020469.jpg	aid, “he hasn’t been around this part of the 
images/000020470.jpg	ce was reduced and the day arrived when no nai
images/000020471.jpg	better ways of seeing things. Computers large
images/000020472.jpg	thousands of cows to get the sufficient quanti
images/000020473.jpg	 he saw there were a lot of food, bread, meat a
images/000020474.jpg	 the hole was a package. The hungry fox immediat
images/000020475.jpg	ministers that the roads weren’t comfortable and
images/000020476.jpg	e should get access to a lot of reading mate
images/000020477.jpg	Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-h
images/000020478.jpg	ation gap comes into being. Some think that m
images/000020479.jpg	etter than you. Participate in all oral a
images/000020480.jpg	 had not walked far when they reached a river 
images/000020481.jpg	he firefly and moved to a nearby cave.The Hu
images/000020482.jpg	d destroy the life of thousands of cows to get th
images/000020483.jpg	eek, ranging from about 1.5 hours to about 19
images/000020484.jpg	t the butterfly tried its best and could 
images/000020485.jpg	te and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel e
images/000020486.jpg	anism can be as important as actual medic
images/000020487.jpg	rom about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The num
images/000020488.jpg	ford their own personal computers.The compute
images/000020489.jpg	er as it would destroy the life of thousands
images/000020490.jpg	Friends are the connections between children and 
images/000020491.jpg	mportant role in the maintenance of our society.
images/000020492.jpg	ould not get out of the hole. Do you know why? Ye
images/000020493.jpg	ns. With the rapid progressing of the so
images/000020494.jpg	parents of the little boy were very depres
images/000020495.jpg	ce has been marked down over and over again 
images/000020496.jpg	milies tend to socialize together, with several g
images/000020497.jpg	ld generation is too conservative to accept 
images/000020498.jpg	with her for several days.Last I will help 
images/000020499.jpg	e monkeys said, “I wish we could find some fire.
images/000020500.jpg	 the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen year
images/000020501.jpg	vilized world humanism plays an important 
images/000020502.jpg	ore try.The man, who had a passion and love fo
images/000020503.jpg	e cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly had b
images/000020504.jpg	g people either turn a deaf ear to the elders'
images/000020505.jpg	their king and they were proud that their king wa
images/000020506.jpg	ly applied in almost every field of our life.
images/000020507.jpg	les in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a
images/000020508.jpg	eliefs that focuses on common human needs and 
images/000020509.jpg	l in the exam, I will show my paper to my par
images/000020510.jpg	ies! The continuous effort from the butt
images/000020511.jpg	 while friends give them strength and coura
images/000020512.jpg	ot of benefits to us. It makes us do thin
images/000020513.jpg	 No matter how hard he tried, the fox could no
images/000020514.jpg	h each other actively, sincerely and frankly.Wh
images/000020515.jpg	thur tried to pick up at a cocktail party 
images/000020516.jpg	ther important part in shaping children's pe
images/000020517.jpg	ife, but the wound will remain there for
images/000020518.jpg	 which he will grow up. Parents are children's
images/000020519.jpg	r turn a deaf ear to the elders' experien
images/000020520.jpg	pon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brillia
images/000020521.jpg	butterfly would struggle to transform from a
images/000020522.jpg	ded his donkey with bags of salt to go to
images/000020523.jpg	hy are we born? Why do we die? For all the 
images/000020524.jpg	Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for th
images/000020525.jpg	 to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on
images/000020526.jpg	man problems.There are many examples th
images/000020527.jpg	n shaping children's personality. Friends ar
images/000020528.jpg	s temper. He told his father that it was several 
images/000020529.jpg	here remained a few nails that the boy c
images/000020530.jpg	 Several days passed and the boy was abl
images/000020531.jpg	 decline of cost and the fierce market co
images/000020532.jpg	 favor of their children's hairstyle and weird cl
images/000020533.jpg	the load becoming lighter, it became heavier.Coc
images/000020534.jpg	us,” I explained, “brings presents and toys to 
images/000020535.jpg	ildren at Christmas time.”“Does he also 
images/000020536.jpg	edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 
images/000020537.jpg	ap exists in our daily life, whether you admi
images/000020538.jpg	hen I do well in the exam, I will show my p
images/000020539.jpg	 and relatives without previous invitation.
images/000020540.jpg	sents to animal children?” Emily asked.Short 
images/000020541.jpg	 gap comes into being. Some think that maybe t
images/000020542.jpg	eat our fellows with respect and toleran
images/000020543.jpg	down in time. Both sides should talk over the
images/000020544.jpg	ow to Be a Successful English LearnerAlmost all
images/000020545.jpg	ly they noticed a flock of fireflies. One 
images/000020546.jpg	 kind with a good heart!After several w
images/000020547.jpg	 do. For exampie,first I will jion a soccer clu
images/000020548.jpg	 he loaded his donkey with more bags of s
images/000020549.jpg	for good. Use them to embrace the relatio
images/000020550.jpg	 shell for several hours. He spent almost more
images/000020551.jpg	ister. He ordered for a pair of leather shoes fo
images/000020552.jpg	ous life with abundance of wealth and no misfo
images/000020553.jpg	sage. While he forgot what he spoke in a
images/000020554.jpg	hers with his words. His bad temper made him
images/000020555.jpg	ou speak, the better your spoken English will 
images/000020556.jpg	fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-he
images/000020557.jpg	as been marked down over and over again so t
images/000020558.jpg	 for the betterment and happiness of the pe
images/000020559.jpg	 grow up. Parents are children's first teac
images/000020560.jpg	f The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for t
images/000020561.jpg	 scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make
images/000020562.jpg	ls drove him to hammer in the fence for 30 times
images/000020563.jpg	 parents through the verbal usage. While he for
images/000020564.jpg	for several hours. He spent almost more tha
images/000020565.jpg	per. The boy used to get angry very soon a
images/000020566.jpg	d advice or set themselves against what t
images/000020567.jpg	rtain friends. The household is always friend
images/000020568.jpg	g of humanism. If we treat our fellows with 
images/000020569.jpg	another important part in shaping childr
images/000020570.jpg	relax myself and be happy.A Hole in the Fence
images/000020571.jpg	pts for several hours, there was no progre
images/000020572.jpg	here for food. Suddenly he caught sight 
images/000020573.jpg	ried its best and could not give any more try.
images/000020574.jpg	s.The man was happy that he made the butterfly
images/000020575.jpg	everal hours, there was no progress. It see
images/000020576.jpg	ever, he had regret.He had intolerable pain i
images/000020577.jpg	began to eat. After the fox had finished e
images/000020578.jpg	oes play an important role in shaping children's 
images/000020579.jpg	. In the next few days, the number of nails hamm
images/000020580.jpg	 to have a conversation with their king and they 
images/000020581.jpg	tchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the
images/000020582.jpg	to remove the nails every day as he had 
images/000020583.jpg	es. He continued to watch the butterfly 
images/000020584.jpg	mputer is a wonderful machine. Today it is us
images/000020585.jpg	a, children live with their parents even 
images/000020586.jpg	gress. It seemed that the butterfly tried
images/000020587.jpg	wise man from the ministry came to the king a
images/000020588.jpg	 the society, so by contacting with friends o
images/000020589.jpg	 club,because I like playing soccer.During the s
images/000020590.jpg	axy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod'
images/000020591.jpg	 time the monkeys became very tired. Now they re
images/000020592.jpg	t focuses on common human needs and seeks rationa
images/000020593.jpg	very much.I want to stay with her for several d
images/000020594.jpg	cided to sit over and watch how the butterfl
images/000020595.jpg	do?” she asked me, shivering in the cold air.
images/000020596.jpg	s father that it was several days that he di
images/000020597.jpg	ody and the wings could support the body.  Unfor
images/000020598.jpg	galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Za
images/000020599.jpg	ove the ability of English reading compreh
images/000020600.jpg	ame cloth. Parents may not be in favor o
images/000020601.jpg	 cold and silent night. The weather was fr
images/000020602.jpg	aking English better than you. Participate in
images/000020603.jpg	 out Emily also didn’t know much about C
images/000020604.jpg	ather appreciated him and asked him point
images/000020605.jpg	 unappealing worm! Here is the story of a
images/000020606.jpg	ey were walking along together. They had not wal
images/000020607.jpg	 chronically depressed robot; and Veet Voo
images/000020608.jpg	red a nail. In the next few days, the number of 
images/000020609.jpg	ery hard for hours to come out through the
images/000020610.jpg	o accept anything new. Their voices are 
images/000020611.jpg	 difficult for one who sets his mind on it
images/000020612.jpg	rn LifeThe computer is a wonderful machine. T
images/000020613.jpg	number of nails hammered to the fence was reduc
images/000020614.jpg	 discovered the donkey’s trick. He then return
images/000020615.jpg	e die? For all the answers, stick your thu
images/000020616.jpg	ime zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and c
images/000020617.jpg	out the whole idea. Let’s go home now before yo
images/000020618.jpg	ce upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brillian
images/000020619.jpg	hers together to celebrate holidays and enterta
images/000020620.jpg	om about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The num
images/000020621.jpg	 say that families offer the environment of
images/000020622.jpg	icia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom
images/000020623.jpg	amilies are hospitable. The family gathers
images/000020624.jpg	indness. Unfortunately, all their attempts failed
images/000020625.jpg	 and the society, so by contacting with frie
images/000020626.jpg	y should learn to understand their children 
images/000020627.jpg	y for successful English learning is persev
images/000020628.jpg	lies! The continuous effort from the butterfly 
images/000020629.jpg	Claus is only for human children,” Fritz s
images/000020630.jpg	y came to the king and said that he had an
images/000020631.jpg	utiful and colourful butterfly comes from a
images/000020632.jpg	irst teachers, so family does play an importa
images/000020633.jpg	not listen to the sparrow. They continued
images/000020634.jpg	 mother. He was the only son for them. The par
images/000020635.jpg	t. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he tri
images/000020636.jpg	In the next few days, the number of nails ha
images/000020637.jpg	uch time, commitment and discipline to learn En
images/000020638.jpg	from the butterfly to come out of its cocoon woul
images/000020639.jpg	beautiful butterflies! The continuous effort f
images/000020640.jpg	wed down in time. Both sides should talk ove
images/000020641.jpg	  The father appreciated him and asked him pointi
images/000020642.jpg	pent almost more than 10 hours with the cocoon a
images/000020643.jpg	and accompany them. People of distant places we
images/000020644.jpg	s, while some students need to use it to ta
images/000020645.jpg	h their king and they were proud that thei
images/000020646.jpg	spring. However, no matter how hard he trie
images/000020647.jpg	ortunately, the donkey slipped and fell int
images/000020648.jpg	.He saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant 
images/000020649.jpg	 to socialize together, with several gene
images/000020650.jpg	ny things that I want to do. For exampie,fi
images/000020651.jpg	 find some fire. It will help us to keep w
images/000020652.jpg	 doesn’t know much about our winters.”It tu
images/000020653.jpg	en's personality. Friends are the connec
images/000020654.jpg	ay to enjoy its world. He decided to sit 
images/000020655.jpg	though you find others speaking English bet
images/000020656.jpg	aling worm! Here is the story of a butte
images/000020657.jpg	aded, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally 
images/000020658.jpg	ll of you should take shelter in a cave”. 
images/000020659.jpg	Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-ar
images/000020660.jpg	ly comes from an unappealing worm! Here is the
images/000020661.jpg	will help my mother do some housework. She wa
images/000020662.jpg	tinued to blow at our poor firefly.After some ti
images/000020663.jpg	 the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after con
images/000020664.jpg	ed all the way through the rough path.He s
images/000020665.jpg	ys were sitting on the same tree. She noticed
images/000020666.jpg	or several hours. He spent almost more than 10 ho
images/000020667.jpg	 also help accumulate and enlarge your vo
images/000020668.jpg	 donkey with bags of sponges.The foolish, tri
images/000020669.jpg	truggling very hard for hours to come out
images/000020670.jpg	y come out of the cocoon without any more s
images/000020671.jpg	 his temper. He told his father that it 
images/000020672.jpg	should relax myself and be happy.A Hole in th
images/000020673.jpg	Chinese family are respectively more than 
images/000020674.jpg	eturn home where he loaded his donkey with mor
images/000020675.jpg	”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shive
images/000020676.jpg	o lose his temper. The little boy found it hilari
images/000020677.jpg	ut of the cocoon. He was watching the butterfl
images/000020678.jpg	g, friends make another important part in s
images/000020679.jpg	ou speak, the better your spoken English will be
images/000020680.jpg	 for one who sets his mind on it.Views on Ge
images/000020681.jpg	Now, his father told him to remove the nails ev
images/000020682.jpg	her that it was several days that he did not hamm
images/000020683.jpg	 the next few days, the number of nails h
images/000020684.jpg	ided to help the butterfly. He got a pair o
images/000020685.jpg	young generation is keen on are disgusting to
images/000020686.jpg	. On reaching the river he again fell into the
images/000020687.jpg	riends one can get into the society and become s
images/000020688.jpg	seen him, myself.”“Neither have I,” Har
images/000020689.jpg	. He was very hungry. No matter how hard h
images/000020690.jpg	ith his father and mother. He was the onl
images/000020691.jpg	, has been posing as an out-of-work actor.Tog
images/000020692.jpg	ot of time around butterflies. He knew how a
images/000020693.jpg	in fell into the water. But instead of th
images/000020694.jpg	r has brought a lot of benefits to us. It makes
images/000020695.jpg	ss he is too busy visiting all the human ch
images/000020696.jpg	he story of a butterfly that was never able to li
images/000020697.jpg	 that the butterfly was trying to make it
images/000020698.jpg	ted many pilgrim centres and could see h
images/000020699.jpg	dy would become lighter and smaller and the wing
images/000020700.jpg	 looked no longer beautiful and had a swollen 
images/000020701.jpg	tired when I was go to school. Except for takin
images/000020702.jpg	r is friends.After one was born, the fir
images/000020703.jpg	a former graduate student obsessed with the 
images/000020704.jpg	, brilliant, and chronically depressed ro
images/000020705.jpg	 Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree with 
images/000020706.jpg	 families offer children warmth, care an
images/000020707.jpg	loved butterflies and had a craze for its 
images/000020708.jpg	He put it under a dry leaf and started blow
images/000020709.jpg	at was looking for something to eat. He wa
images/000020710.jpg	the butterfly to come out of its cocoon would 
images/000020711.jpg	re of me, she also has to work. Therefore, I wan
images/000020712.jpg	mmer in the fence for 30 times on the first d
images/000020713.jpg	 son for them. The parents of the little boy we
images/000020714.jpg	e any other beautiful butterflies! The co
images/000020715.jpg	 people and accompany them. People of dist
images/000020716.jpg	 forgot what he spoke in anger, his frie
images/000020717.jpg	 Chinese family are respectively more than in 
images/000020718.jpg	allpoint pens he's bought over the years.
images/000020719.jpg	 in our daily life, whether you admit it 
images/000020720.jpg	 “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not re
images/000020721.jpg	 up. Parents are children's first teachers, s
images/000020722.jpg	n to better ways of seeing things. Compu
images/000020723.jpg	stant places were so happy to have a conver
images/000020724.jpg	 the only son for them. The parents of the little
images/000020725.jpg	rable pain in his feet as it was his first t
images/000020726.jpg	failed. Finally, the boy’s father came u
images/000020727.jpg	 no longer beautiful and had a swollen body 
images/000020728.jpg	. He could not tolerate the pain as he wal
images/000020729.jpg	sked his son to hammer one nail to the f
images/000020730.jpg	f the nails from the fence. However, the
images/000020731.jpg	I will go to my grandma's house,because I m
images/000020732.jpg	pand the wings, shrink the body and the wings co
images/000020733.jpg	han you. Participate in all oral activitie
images/000020734.jpg	beautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded his
images/000020735.jpg	ry happy. He jumped into the hole and whe
images/000020736.jpg	ly for human children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So 
images/000020737.jpg	 week, ranging from about 1.5 hours to a
images/000020738.jpg	an with a knife, but the wound will remain th
images/000020739.jpg	mped into the hole and when he opened the packa
images/000020740.jpg	ter is a wonderful machine. Today it is use
images/000020741.jpg	t with his people and accompany them. People
images/000020742.jpg	ions between children and the society, so by 
images/000020743.jpg	 the butterfly and he was quite eager to w
images/000020744.jpg	r. Your bad temper and anger were like that! W
images/000020745.jpg	y tired when I was go to school. Except f
images/000020746.jpg	aded, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to
images/000020747.jpg	s a drastic increase of the hours that people
images/000020748.jpg	 people of the kingdom were very happy as they h
images/000020749.jpg	e people who used to walk along those roads as
images/000020750.jpg	ether. They had not walked far when they re
images/000020751.jpg	op kindness. Unfortunately, all their attempt
images/000020752.jpg	 those roads as it would be painful for them 
images/000020753.jpg	s, there was no progress. It seemed that
images/000020754.jpg	ing. A group of monkeys were on a tree. T
images/000020755.jpg	d, brilliant, and chronically depressed robot; a
images/000020756.jpg	arrassing mistakes.In short, the most es
images/000020757.jpg	o to the market in order to sell them. The m
images/000020758.jpg	erance, many things may turn out for the better
images/000020759.jpg	 It has scars all over! You can stab a ma
images/000020760.jpg	he family in which he will grow up. Parents
images/000020761.jpg	enjoy its world. He decided to sit over and 
images/000020762.jpg	or a pair of leather shoes for him and request
images/000020763.jpg	ere the example of humanistic behavior. In the
images/000020764.jpg	ng his head.“You see. Santa Claus is only for
images/000020765.jpg	 there for food. Suddenly he caught sight
images/000020766.jpg	ve to accept anything new. Their voices a
images/000020767.jpg	many things that I want to do. For exampie,
images/000020768.jpg	9 hours. The number climbs more than ten times 
images/000020769.jpg	Finally he went to the edge of the forest and s
images/000020770.jpg	t loaded his donkey with bags of salt to 
images/000020771.jpg	unned to hear his order as it would destroy 
images/000020772.jpg	e father appreciated him and asked him po
images/000020773.jpg	want to practice more to improve my skills.Se
images/000020774.jpg	 was quite eager to watch the butterfly fly
images/000020775.jpg	r children and keep the lines of communications w
images/000020776.jpg	 man with a knife, but the wound will remain ther
images/000020777.jpg	ut I have put so much pressure on myself. O
images/000020778.jpg	med that the butterfly tried its best and co
images/000020779.jpg	lem of generation gap, people's ideas are n
images/000020780.jpg	 them open, at the same time they must keep in m
images/000020781.jpg	not get out of the hole. Do you know why
images/000020782.jpg	things. Computers largely broaden our visio
images/000020783.jpg	aphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed,
images/000020784.jpg	ism calls for us to pay closer attention t
images/000020785.jpg	quires much time, commitment and discipli
images/000020786.jpg	born? Why do we die? For all the answers, stick
images/000020787.jpg	o break the shell for several hours. He spe
images/000020788.jpg	. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much
images/000020789.jpg	 the load becoming lighter, it became heavi
images/000020790.jpg	pplied in almost every field of our life. Mean
images/000020791.jpg	ears, has been posing as an out-of-work actor.
images/000020792.jpg	 was no progress. It seemed that the butt
images/000020793.jpg	rstyle and weird clothes. Young people eithe
images/000020794.jpg	hich affect a person's growth. One is family, and
images/000020795.jpg	ed due to his bad temper. The boy used to get 
images/000020796.jpg	 out-to-lunch president of the galaxy; Trill
images/000020797.jpg	autiful and had a swollen body with smal
images/000020798.jpg	ked far when they reached a river on the road.
images/000020799.jpg	 gap exists in our daily life, whether you 
images/000020800.jpg	ies. One of the young monkeys thought it
images/000020801.jpg	miss her very much.I want to stay with her f
images/000020802.jpg	 do well in the exam, I will show my paper 
images/000020803.jpg	he monkeys were sitting on the same tree. She no
images/000020804.jpg	rched there for food. Suddenly he caught sight
images/000020805.jpg	w that a beautiful and colourful butterfly c
images/000020806.jpg	n reaching the river he again fell into t
images/000020807.jpg	Now, his father told him to remove the nails e
images/000020808.jpg	was very much surprised by his suggestionand 
images/000020809.jpg	 lose his temper. He told his father that 
images/000020810.jpg	 a travel to visit places of historical 
images/000020811.jpg	 Parents may not be in favor of their chi
images/000020812.jpg	two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and totall
images/000020813.jpg	owth. One is family, and the other is friend
images/000020814.jpg	extbooks or jonrnals and attend English lectures,
images/000020815.jpg	do we die? For all the answers, stick your t
images/000020816.jpg	ery time he lost his temper, he ran to the fence
images/000020817.jpg	ely more than in other countries' family. In Chin
images/000020818.jpg	Further more, it gives us insights into other
images/000020819.jpg	ed: “I think all of you should take shelter 
images/000020820.jpg	r seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’
images/000020821.jpg	s people and accompany them. People of di
images/000020822.jpg	a Claus is only for human children,” Fri
images/000020823.jpg	utterfly tried its best and could not give an
images/000020824.jpg	used a great deal. There is a drastic increase of
images/000020825.jpg	ion gap, people's ideas are not cut from the sam
images/000020826.jpg	rn? Why do we die? For all the answers, stick yo
images/000020827.jpg	od intention, only going through the stru
images/000020828.jpg	o my parents, they are so happy to see me do 
images/000020829.jpg	n. Chinese families tend to socialize together
images/000020830.jpg	nt and happiness of the people.His ministers 
images/000020831.jpg	rchant could do, except return home where he lo
images/000020832.jpg	 tired. Now they realized what the sparr
images/000020833.jpg	in many ways to give up his anger and develop ki
images/000020834.jpg	hich affect a person's growth. One is fam
images/000020835.jpg	o hammer in the fence for 30 times on the
images/000020836.jpg	ents should have some ideal qualities to succee
images/000020837.jpg	nly he caught sight of a big tree with a 
images/000020838.jpg	 are we born? Why do we die? For all the answ
images/000020839.jpg	ld be responsible for solving the problem. A
images/000020840.jpg	n a Chinese family are respectively more th
images/000020841.jpg	's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young people e
images/000020842.jpg	ks, he returned to the palace. He was quite
images/000020843.jpg	mered a nail. In the next few days, the numb
images/000020844.jpg	 boy used to get angry very soon and taunt
images/000020845.jpg	w at our poor firefly.After some time the mon
images/000020846.jpg	ecided to control his temper.Gradually, th
images/000020847.jpg	ecause I like playing soccer.During the 
images/000020848.jpg	ontinued to blow at our poor firefly.After some 
images/000020849.jpg	udent obsessed with the disappearance of all 
images/000020850.jpg	ant part in shaping children's personality. Frien
images/000020851.jpg	 fence never look the same! It has scars all ov
images/000020852.jpg	mplained to his ministers that the roads weren’t 
images/000020853.jpg	he fence and hammered a nail. In the nex
images/000020854.jpg	any nail and he did not lose his temper!Now,
images/000020855.jpg	 Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick u
images/000020856.jpg	 struggling very hard for hours to come out
images/000020857.jpg	all worries for his parents through the 
images/000020858.jpg	who can drop in on friends and relatives 
images/000020859.jpg	Cornelius, Monty and I were busy building a 
images/000020860.jpg	r holiday is coming.I am going to do many thing
images/000020861.jpg	 to understand their children and keep th
images/000020862.jpg	s,” I explained, “brings presents and toys to hum
images/000020863.jpg	reflies. One of the young monkeys thought it wa
images/000020864.jpg	 know that a beautiful and colourful but
images/000020865.jpg	flies. He knew how a butterfly would strug
images/000020866.jpg	ood intention, only going through the struggles
images/000020867.jpg	ody reduced.Unfortunately, the butterfly jus
images/000020868.jpg	ent generations. Those who grow up in happy fam
images/000020869.jpg	 in order to sell them. The merchant and his donk
images/000020870.jpg	th them open, at the same time they must
images/000020871.jpg	 him and asked him pointing to the hole, ‘What 
images/000020872.jpg	or us to pay closer attention to our fel
images/000020873.jpg	decided to leave the trunk and drink some wa
images/000020874.jpg	 on the world, the gap between them will
images/000020875.jpg	ng care of me, she also has to work. Therefor
images/000020876.jpg	ren's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young people
images/000020877.jpg	 you admit it or not. When it comes to the proble
images/000020878.jpg	ars all over! You can stab a man with a knif
images/000020879.jpg	 reduced and the day arrived when no nail w
images/000020880.jpg	 distant places were so happy to have a conversa
images/000020881.jpg	 to the king and said that he had another
images/000020882.jpg	annot pull out a few nails. The fence never 
images/000020883.jpg	 in order to sell them. The merchant and h
images/000020884.jpg	iscipline to learn English well. In order t
images/000020885.jpg	t to undergo any struggle, we won’t be able 
images/000020886.jpg	omething to eat. He was very hungry. No matte
images/000020887.jpg	s drove him to hammer in the fence for 30 time
images/000020888.jpg	eral days passed and the boy was able to 
images/000020889.jpg	they must keep in mind that different thin
images/000020890.jpg	s parents, they should learn to understan
images/000020891.jpg	 Humanism calls for us to pay closer atte
images/000020892.jpg	his feet as it was his first trip by foot to lo
images/000020893.jpg	from the same cloth. Parents may not be in favor 
images/000020894.jpg	thers with his words. His bad temper made him fa
images/000020895.jpg	earby spring. However, no matter how hard he t
images/000020896.jpg	me again but re-loaded his donkey with bags
images/000020897.jpg	r the betterment and happiness of the people.
images/000020898.jpg	tended a helping hand to the old man in time of n
images/000020899.jpg	d let the fluid stored in the body convert i
images/000020900.jpg	g generation is keen on are disgusting t
images/000020901.jpg	f fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the 
images/000020902.jpg	n the exam. I want to be happy all the time. 
images/000020903.jpg	pparent in the story of "The Right Son at the 
images/000020904.jpg	sh better than you. Participate in all o
images/000020905.jpg	, so by contacting with friends one can get 
images/000020906.jpg	me to the king and said that he had anot
images/000020907.jpg	helping hand to the old man in time of need
images/000020908.jpg	es are not taken into account. These dif
images/000020909.jpg	Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I 
images/000020910.jpg	became very tired. Now they realized what th
images/000020911.jpg	day is coming.I am going to do many things th
images/000020912.jpg	w, his father told him to remove the nails every
images/000020913.jpg	 are the connections between children and the so
images/000020914.jpg	Change Yourself and not The WorldLong ago, p
images/000020915.jpg	ould see his fellow people leading a propitious
images/000020916.jpg	ilgrim centres and could see his fellow people l
images/000020917.jpg	is donkey with more bags of salt. As they r
images/000020918.jpg	tely, the butterfly just crawled around 
images/000020919.jpg	 into being. Some think that maybe the old
images/000020920.jpg	 do. For exampie,first I will jion a soccer cl
images/000020921.jpg	er opening for the butterfly and removed the r
images/000020922.jpg	get access to a lot of reading materials, which
images/000020923.jpg	d in the body convert into wings. Thus, the
images/000020924.jpg	 the butterfly. The butterfly had been strugg
images/000020925.jpg	oads as it would be painful for them too!
images/000020926.jpg	e nails drove him to hammer in the fence for 3
images/000020927.jpg	few nails. The fence never look the same! It has 
images/000020928.jpg	tant role in the maintenance of our society.
images/000020929.jpg	tempts for several hours, there was no progr
images/000020930.jpg	ad thought a little before jumping into the 
images/000020931.jpg	ing, friends make another important part in shapi
images/000020932.jpg	ration gap comes into being. Some think that
images/000020933.jpg	ived with his father and mother. He was the o
images/000020934.jpg	ou. Participate in all oral activities. Th
images/000020935.jpg	nts may not be in favor of their children's h
images/000020936.jpg	onkey with bags of salt to go to the market in 
images/000020937.jpg	He decided to travel by foot to interact
images/000020938.jpg	y day as he had controlled his anger. Several d
images/000020939.jpg	coon without any more struggles. He continued
images/000020940.jpg	e beautiful place to live in.
images/000020941.jpg	 He got a pair of scissors and tweaked the co
images/000020942.jpg	 convert into wings. Thus, the body would beco
images/000020943.jpg	 there was no progress. It seemed that the but
images/000020944.jpg	sm. The spirit of humanism is apparent in the st
images/000020945.jpg	ulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making some em
images/000020946.jpg	oad with leather? Rather, you can just h
images/000020947.jpg	to leave the trunk and drink some water from
images/000020948.jpg	d mother. He was the only son for them. Th
images/000020949.jpg	r came up with an idea.One day, his fat
images/000020950.jpg	 There is a drastic increase of the hour
images/000020951.jpg	t any more struggles. He continued to watch
images/000020952.jpg	ed to hear his order as it would destroy
images/000020953.jpg	l children?” Emily asked.Short Stories -
images/000020954.jpg	not be in favor of their children's hairstyle an
images/000020955.jpg	h the struggles the butterfly would have emerged
images/000020956.jpg	like playing soccer.During the summer hol
images/000020957.jpg	 to school. Except for taking care of me, she
images/000020958.jpg	e fence. However, there remained a few nails that
images/000020959.jpg	 personality. Friends are the connections bet
images/000020960.jpg	or something to eat. He was very hungry. N
images/000020961.jpg	ld become lighter and smaller and the wings would
images/000020962.jpg	re and shelter, while friends give them stre
images/000020963.jpg	 dearest parts in one's life.Family Life in
images/000020964.jpg	 He asked his son to hammer one nail to the fen
images/000020965.jpg	sands of cows to get the sufficient quantity of
images/000020966.jpg	ionships. Use them to show your heart!”A 
images/000020967.jpg	 I have put so much pressure on myself. 
images/000020968.jpg	en's character. As parents, they should lea
images/000020969.jpg	e fierce market competition, the price has been 
images/000020970.jpg	s and even his friends due to anger. He i
images/000020971.jpg	l their attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s f
images/000020972.jpg	ing very hard for hours to come out through the
images/000020973.jpg	 the betterment and happiness of the peop
images/000020974.jpg	wings. Thus, the body would become lighter and
images/000020975.jpg	ange this for the betterment and happiness of the
images/000020976.jpg	ributes to household duties, including the child
images/000020977.jpg	the next few days, the number of nails hammere
images/000020978.jpg	gh the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even
images/000020979.jpg	iends due to anger. He invited all worries f
images/000020980.jpg	the meaning of humanism. If we treat our
images/000020981.jpg	 for the betterment and happiness of the 
images/000020982.jpg	it under a dry leaf and started blowing at 
images/000020983.jpg	 more than ten times up, indicating computers are
images/000020984.jpg	rtable and were very stony. He could not tolerat
images/000020985.jpg	ot what he spoke in anger, his friends and neigh
images/000020986.jpg	e bag of nails. He asked his son to hammer one na
images/000020987.jpg	t more than 10 hours with the cocoon and
images/000020988.jpg	 tried, he could not get out of the hole. Do
images/000020989.jpg	. The family gathers together to celebrate h
images/000020990.jpg	nd fell into the river and noticed that the ba
images/000020991.jpg	as quite happy that he visited many pilgrim c
images/000020992.jpg	al reasons. With the rapid progressing of 
images/000020993.jpg	ant to stay with her for several days.Last I 
images/000020994.jpg	gry fox immediately thought that there might be 
images/000020995.jpg	s always friendly, welcoming, and genero
images/000020996.jpg	alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you 
images/000020997.jpg	larious and accepted to do what his fathe
images/000020998.jpg	extended a helping hand to the old man in time 
images/000020999.jpg	s growth. One is family, and the other is frie
images/000021000.jpg	or us to pay closer attention to our fellows. 
images/000021001.jpg	 even though you find others speaking Eng
images/000021002.jpg	no progress. It seemed that the butterfly tried i
images/000021003.jpg	s world. He decided to sit over and watch how th
images/000021004.jpg	sh learning is perseverance in face of h
images/000021005.jpg	nds of cows to get the sufficient quantity
images/000021006.jpg	ultures and keeps our minds open to better
images/000021007.jpg	al hours. He spent almost more than 10 hou
images/000021008.jpg	 the whole idea. Let’s go home now before you
images/000021009.jpg	ome fire. It will help us to keep warm”.S
images/000021010.jpg	 get the sufficient quantity of leather and it 
images/000021011.jpg	 again fell into the water. But instead of th
images/000021012.jpg	eeks rational ways of solving human problems.
images/000021013.jpg	n after they get married. So a household co
images/000021014.jpg	iver on the road.Unfortunately, the donkey slip
images/000021015.jpg	an ten times up, indicating computers are p
images/000021016.jpg	 your spoken English will be. Nothing in the 
images/000021017.jpg	 to Emily. “So forget about the whole idea. Let’s
images/000021018.jpg	d withered wings.The man was happy that he
images/000021019.jpg	 of historical importance and pilgrim cent
images/000021020.jpg	eration gap exists in our daily life, whethe
images/000021021.jpg	er told him to remove the nails every da
images/000021022.jpg	and to lose his temper. The little boy found it
images/000021023.jpg	ul wings.He thought that at any time, the butte
images/000021024.jpg	eat. After the fox had finished eating, he felt 
images/000021025.jpg	for 30 times on the first day! Every time h
images/000021026.jpg	et competition, the price has been marked 
images/000021027.jpg	 days.Last I will help my mother do some h
images/000021028.jpg	 temper and they were hammered on people.
images/000021029.jpg	aping children's personality. Friends are
images/000021030.jpg	rflies and had a craze for its wonderful c
images/000021031.jpg	sy visiting all the human children to have mu
images/000021032.jpg	ay. On reaching the river he again fell into th
images/000021033.jpg	 not be in favor of their children's hairstyl
images/000021034.jpg	tivities. The more you speak, the better your 
images/000021035.jpg	was very hungry. No matter how hard he tried, 
images/000021036.jpg	removed the remaining cocoon. The butterfly
images/000021037.jpg	to household duties, including the children. Ch
images/000021038.jpg	he holidays.What will you do on Summer Holida
images/000021039.jpg	 him to remove the nails every day as he had
images/000021040.jpg	nd it very difficult to hammer the nails and de
images/000021041.jpg	 their parents even after they get married. So a 
images/000021042.jpg	I wish that I had thought a little before j
images/000021043.jpg	how I do well in the exam, they just want
images/000021044.jpg	r continuous attempts for several hours, the
images/000021045.jpg	 demolished to make way for a galactic freeway
images/000021046.jpg	 holidays and entertain friends. The household i
images/000021047.jpg	t I have put so much pressure on myself. One day
images/000021048.jpg	to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it involv
images/000021049.jpg	lactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked of
images/000021050.jpg	hose who grow up in happy families tend to hav
images/000021051.jpg	 Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know much about o
images/000021052.jpg	lish-speakers, attend seminars, write letters, et
images/000021053.jpg	 Earth is demolished to make way for a g
images/000021054.jpg	ren live with their parents even after they g
images/000021055.jpg	ccessful English learning is perseverance in fac
images/000021056.jpg	ited all worries for his parents through the v
images/000021057.jpg	 computer is a wonderful machine. Today it i
images/000021058.jpg	eral days.Last I will help my mother do so
images/000021059.jpg	 the shell for several hours. He spent almost mor
images/000021060.jpg	also didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who is San
images/000021061.jpg	hippie and totally out-to-lunch president o
images/000021062.jpg	mpie,first I will jion a soccer club,bec
images/000021063.jpg	e butterfly emerged without any struggle!Unfort
images/000021064.jpg	the civilized world humanism plays an important r
images/000021065.jpg	of the family contributes to household du
images/000021066.jpg	ressing of the society, computers are no
images/000021067.jpg	butterflies! The continuous effort from the b
images/000021068.jpg	he galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMil
images/000021069.jpg	uding the children. Chinese families tend to so
images/000021070.jpg	o improve the ability of English reading comprehe
images/000021071.jpg	closer attention to our fellows. Occasional e
images/000021072.jpg	been marked down over and over again so tha
images/000021073.jpg	Unfortunately, the butterfly just crawled arou
images/000021074.jpg	nce and hammered a nail. In the next few days
images/000021075.jpg	ily. In China, children live with their 
images/000021076.jpg	The king decided to go on a travel to visit plac
images/000021077.jpg	me again but re-loaded his donkey with bags of s
images/000021078.jpg	er he again fell into the water. But instead of
images/000021079.jpg	e idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you wa
images/000021080.jpg	ggling very hard for hours to come out through t
images/000021081.jpg	hrough the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even afte
images/000021082.jpg	rn? Why do we die? For all the answers, stick y
images/000021083.jpg	tony. He could not tolerate the pain as he wa
images/000021084.jpg	The computer is a wonderful machine. Today i
images/000021085.jpg	xy who, for the last fifteen years, has been p
images/000021086.jpg	of the young monkeys thought it was fire.
images/000021087.jpg	and anger were like that! Words are more painful 
images/000021088.jpg	is difficult for one who sets his mind on i
images/000021089.jpg	spoke in anger, his friends and neighbou
images/000021090.jpg	 relationships. Use them to show your he
images/000021091.jpg	o pick up at a cocktail party once upon a time z
images/000021092.jpg	ie? For all the answers, stick your thumb to the
images/000021093.jpg	 lighter, it became heavier.Cocoon and the But
images/000021094.jpg	f The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for 
images/000021095.jpg	 lived with his father and mother. He was the
images/000021096.jpg	ems.There are many examples that demonstrate hum
images/000021097.jpg	er and noticed that the bags of salt loaded
images/000021098.jpg	res at distant places. He decided to travel by 
images/000021099.jpg	inistry came to the king and said that he ha
images/000021100.jpg	 king thought that he had to change this
images/000021101.jpg	bout the people who used to walk along those 
images/000021102.jpg	the fence was reduced and the day arrived wh
images/000021103.jpg	rtunately, neither the wings expanded or enlarg
images/000021104.jpg	ents should have some ideal qualities to suc
images/000021105.jpg	to help the butterfly. He got a pair of s
images/000021106.jpg	und butterflies. He knew how a butterfly woul
images/000021107.jpg	et competition, the price has been marked
images/000021108.jpg	trick. He then returned home again but re-loaded 
images/000021109.jpg	rfly and removed the remaining cocoon. The butt
images/000021110.jpg	no longer beautiful and had a swollen bo
images/000021111.jpg	 thirsty and decided to leave the trunk a
images/000021112.jpg	lunch.The fox happily began to eat. After
images/000021113.jpg	lish-speakers, attend seminars, write lette
images/000021114.jpg	lf. The little boy found it very difficu
images/000021115.jpg	withered wings and huge body. It was never able
images/000021116.jpg	coon to make larger opening for the butte
images/000021117.jpg	here for food. Suddenly he caught sight of a
images/000021118.jpg	much pressure on myself. One day, my par
images/000021119.jpg	es. He knew how a butterfly would strugg
images/000021120.jpg	em will be narrowed down in time. Both s
images/000021121.jpg	gathering around the television in the e
images/000021122.jpg	ed, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally ou
images/000021123.jpg	h member of the family contributes to house
images/000021124.jpg	 his people and accompany them. People of d
images/000021125.jpg	rfly come out of the cocoon without any m
images/000021126.jpg	our daily life, whether you admit it or not
images/000021127.jpg	 he also bring presents to animal children
images/000021128.jpg	oks on the world, the gap between them wi
images/000021129.jpg	s may not be in favor of their children's hairst
images/000021130.jpg	ing along together. They had not walked far when 
images/000021131.jpg	. It was never able to fly all through its lif
images/000021132.jpg	different opinions on the reasons why generati
images/000021133.jpg	 a butterfly would struggle to transform from an
images/000021134.jpg	w the butterfly would come out of the cocoon.
images/000021135.jpg	e them strength and courage. They both help child
images/000021136.jpg	as watching the butterfly struggling to br
images/000021137.jpg	r children and keep the lines of communica
images/000021138.jpg	ur fellows with respect and tolerance, many th
images/000021139.jpg	while friends give them strength and courage. The
images/000021140.jpg	der to sell them. The merchant and his d
images/000021141.jpg	 Earth is demolished to make way for a ga
images/000021142.jpg	thought that there might be food in it, a
images/000021143.jpg	 for us to pay closer attention to our fellows
images/000021144.jpg	haracter. As parents, they should learn to under
images/000021145.jpg	bad temper and anger were like that! Words 
images/000021146.jpg	ed, shaking his head.“You see. Santa Claus is o
images/000021147.jpg	es. FoolsIt was a cold and silent night. The
images/000021148.jpg	es. He knew how a butterfly would struggle t
images/000021149.jpg	maller and the wings would be beautiful and larg
images/000021150.jpg	ed on people. You can remove the nails but 
images/000021151.jpg	st for many years. I guess he is too bus
images/000021152.jpg	donkey with bags of salt to go to the market in o
images/000021153.jpg	lebrate holidays and entertain friends. The hous
images/000021154.jpg	hammered a nail. In the next few days, the numb
images/000021155.jpg	t Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I sai
images/000021156.jpg	would come out of the cocoon. He was wat
images/000021157.jpg	problems with each other actively, sincerely
images/000021158.jpg	ghts into other cultures and keeps our minds ope
images/000021159.jpg	 his father told him to remove the nails eve
images/000021160.jpg	rty once upon a time zone; Marvin, a parano
images/000021161.jpg	an ten times up, indicating computers ar
images/000021162.jpg	tle boy lived with his father and mother. He
images/000021163.jpg	minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill the ho
images/000021164.jpg	r the butterfly and removed the remaining co
images/000021165.jpg	ort from the butterfly to come out of its cocoon
images/000021166.jpg	ressure on myself. One day, my parents tell m
images/000021167.jpg	s of human goodness can remind us of the meanin
images/000021168.jpg	them strength and courage. They both help ch
images/000021169.jpg	 was the only son for them. The parents of the
images/000021170.jpg	ght of a big tree with a hole in it.Inside t
images/000021171.jpg	 hairstyle and weird clothes. Young people eit
images/000021172.jpg	ey both help children to understand the world as 
images/000021173.jpg	ing to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on t
images/000021174.jpg	friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revis
images/000021175.jpg	ife with abundance of wealth and no misfortu
images/000021176.jpg	eal. There is a drastic increase of the 
images/000021177.jpg	lmost all the students need English and th
images/000021178.jpg	ry field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the
images/000021179.jpg	estroy the life of thousands of cows to ge
images/000021180.jpg	English-speakers, attend seminars, write letters
images/000021181.jpg	 intolerable pain in his feet as it was 
images/000021182.jpg	ity of English reading comprehension, one 
images/000021183.jpg	has to work. Therefore, I want to help her in the
images/000021184.jpg	pate in all oral activities. The more you 
images/000021185.jpg	th his words. His bad temper made him fal
images/000021186.jpg	 tolerance, many things may turn out for 
images/000021187.jpg	her, this dynamic pair began a journey through s
images/000021188.jpg	ade the butterfly come out of the cocoon withou
images/000021189.jpg	 to pay closer attention to our fellows. Occasi
images/000021190.jpg	hy? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food 
images/000021191.jpg	e price has been marked down over and over a
images/000021192.jpg	off the planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a 
images/000021193.jpg	ed a flock of fireflies. One of the young mon
images/000021194.jpg	ow people leading a propitious life. However, h
images/000021195.jpg	ld let the fluid stored in the body convert into 
images/000021196.jpg	y is from the South and has never seen sn
images/000021197.jpg	utterfly and he was quite eager to watch 
images/000021198.jpg	me.  The father appreciated him and asked him
images/000021199.jpg	keep in mind that different things appea
images/000021200.jpg	he ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In the
images/000021201.jpg	half. The little boy found it very difficult 
images/000021202.jpg	 be in favor of their children's hairstyle
images/000021203.jpg	py families tend to have many pleasant c
images/000021204.jpg	cialize together, with several generations 
images/000021205.jpg	r and over again so that many people can aff
images/000021206.jpg	hod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-arme
images/000021207.jpg	mprehension, one should get access to a lot of 
images/000021208.jpg	wth. There are two apparent factors which affec
images/000021209.jpg	s keen on are disgusting to them.Both generati
images/000021210.jpg	 students need English and they need it fo
images/000021211.jpg	not listen to the sparrow. They continued to bl
images/000021212.jpg	around with withered wings and huge body. It was 
images/000021213.jpg	ntacting with friends one can get into the s
images/000021214.jpg	 fireflies. One of the young monkeys thou
images/000021215.jpg	ver your feet?’The king was very much s
images/000021216.jpg	 is too conservative to accept anything new. 
images/000021217.jpg	nt. These different ideas disturb both of them
images/000021218.jpg	th them open, at the same time they must keep in 
images/000021219.jpg	help her in the holidays.What will you do on Su
images/000021220.jpg	onkey fell into the river and wasted all the
images/000021221.jpg	 also didn’t know much about Christmas.”
images/000021222.jpg	 struggle to transform from an ugly caterpillar i
images/000021223.jpg	ed a river on the road.Unfortunately, the d
images/000021224.jpg	s father gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked 
images/000021225.jpg	erfly had been struggling very hard for hou
images/000021226.jpg	ained a few nails that the boy could not pul
images/000021227.jpg	need to use it to talk to English-speakers, at
images/000021228.jpg	tely, the donkey slipped and fell into the riv
images/000021229.jpg	ence-based advice or set themselves against 
images/000021230.jpg	table and were very stony. He could not tole
images/000021231.jpg	ed a river on the road.Unfortunately, the
images/000021232.jpg	u want to kill the holy animal cow to cover t
images/000021233.jpg	 well in the exam, I will show my paper to 
images/000021234.jpg	 are now widely applied in almost every field of
images/000021235.jpg	appy that he visited many pilgrim centres and
images/000021236.jpg	 it to read English textbooks or jonrnals and att
images/000021237.jpg	d generous to visitors who can drop in on f
images/000021238.jpg	r and over again so that many people can aff
images/000021239.jpg	’t comfortable and were very stony. He co
images/000021240.jpg	ts way. On reaching the river he again fell into
images/000021241.jpg	A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spr
images/000021242.jpg	tter than you. Participate in all oral activ
images/000021243.jpg	hink he will come if I write to him?” Emily aske
images/000021244.jpg	s and entertain friends. The household is alwa
images/000021245.jpg	ng computers are playing a more and more 
images/000021246.jpg	rticipate in all oral activities. The more yo
images/000021247.jpg	 words. His bad temper made him fall for angry 
images/000021248.jpg	ems with each other actively, sincerely and 
images/000021249.jpg	Merchant and his DonkeyShort Stories - A 
images/000021250.jpg	e two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and tota
images/000021251.jpg	ts way. On reaching the river he again f
images/000021252.jpg	 very stony. He could not tolerate the pain as 
images/000021253.jpg	. He told his father that it was several day
images/000021254.jpg	tterfly fly with its beautiful wings.He th
images/000021255.jpg	omputers per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours 
images/000021256.jpg	that he became too big to fit through the hole.
images/000021257.jpg	anded or enlarged nor the swollen body redu
images/000021258.jpg	d the package, he saw there were a lot of food
images/000021259.jpg	hildren's personality. Friends are the connecti
images/000021260.jpg	ences Young Adults MostCountless factors may inf
images/000021261.jpg	 both help children to understand the world as i
images/000021262.jpg	t, he used to spend a lot of time around butterfl
images/000021263.jpg	 with his words. His bad temper made him fall 
images/000021264.jpg	earby spring. However, no matter how hard 
images/000021265.jpg	rent opinions on the reasons why generation gap c
images/000021266.jpg	climbs more than ten times up, indicating comput
images/000021267.jpg	 was go to school. Except for taking care 
images/000021268.jpg	er, while friends give them strength and coura
images/000021269.jpg	re more painful than physical abuse! Use words fo
images/000021270.jpg	umanism makes the world a more beautiful place t
images/000021271.jpg	and to the old man in time of need. The young 
images/000021272.jpg	re hammered on people. You can remove the
images/000021273.jpg	 his bad temper. The boy used to get ang
images/000021274.jpg	 day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet,
images/000021275.jpg	 became very happy. He jumped into the hole a
images/000021276.jpg	 to longer distance. He complained to his m
images/000021277.jpg	se his temper. He told his father that i
images/000021278.jpg	o-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out
images/000021279.jpg	nt quickly discovered the donkey’s trick. H
images/000021280.jpg	. Parents are children's first teachers, so fami
images/000021281.jpg	were proud that their king was so kind with a 
images/000021282.jpg	hat many people can afford their own personal com
images/000021283.jpg	l butterfly comes from an unappealing worm! 
images/000021284.jpg	pe to cover your feet?’The king was very much s
images/000021285.jpg	 more bags of salt. As they reached the s
images/000021286.jpg	 it.Some other monkeys also joined in h
images/000021287.jpg	ght that there might be food in it, and he
images/000021288.jpg	the butterfly come out of the cocoon without any 
images/000021289.jpg	d his father about the same.  The father appre
images/000021290.jpg	hear his order as it would destroy the li
images/000021291.jpg	they had a very prosperous life with abundanc
images/000021292.jpg	- Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said,
images/000021293.jpg	e river he again fell into the water. But inste
images/000021294.jpg	nails. The fence never look the same! It has scar
images/000021295.jpg	ence a person's growth. There are two apparent 
images/000021296.jpg	ng, and generous to visitors who can drop in on f
images/000021297.jpg	r able to live a life like a butterfly!One da
images/000021298.jpg	ived under the rule of a king. The people of
images/000021299.jpg	galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off
images/000021300.jpg	s two days before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, M
images/000021301.jpg	hell for several hours. He spent almost mor
images/000021302.jpg	felt thirsty and decided to leave the tr
images/000021303.jpg	is son to hammer one nail to the fence ev
images/000021304.jpg	o hammer in the fence for 30 times on the first d
images/000021305.jpg	ey must keep in mind that different things appeal
images/000021306.jpg	ible for solving the problem. As long as bo
images/000021307.jpg	man was happy that he made the butterfly come out
images/000021308.jpg	s on the world, the gap between them will be narr
images/000021309.jpg	 trick. He then returned home again but 
images/000021310.jpg	o eat. After the fox had finished eating, he f
images/000021311.jpg	 our vision.How to Be a Successful Engli
images/000021312.jpg	k some water from a nearby spring. However, no
images/000021313.jpg	support the body.  Unfortunately, neither
images/000021314.jpg	Nothing in the world is difficult for one who se
images/000021315.jpg	xtbooks or jonrnals and attend English lectures
images/000021316.jpg	now before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know 
images/000021317.jpg	quickly. Further more, it gives us insights into 
images/000021318.jpg	nsights into other cultures and keeps our min
images/000021319.jpg	ious invitation.Chinese families are proud o
images/000021320.jpg	ful for them too!He made an order to cover t
images/000021321.jpg	irst I will jion a soccer club,because I like pl
images/000021322.jpg	s would be beautiful and large.If we don’t
images/000021323.jpg	ent is plucked off the planet by his friend Fo
images/000021324.jpg	your spoken English will be. Nothing in the world
images/000021325.jpg	it very difficult to hammer the nails and 
images/000021326.jpg	nger beautiful and had a swollen body with small 
images/000021327.jpg	ress. It seemed that the butterfly tried its best
images/000021328.jpg	hear his order as it would destroy the l
images/000021329.jpg	 will be. Nothing in the world is difficult f
images/000021330.jpg	nd weird clothes. Young people either turn
images/000021331.jpg	 One of the monkeys said, “I wish we could f
images/000021332.jpg	obot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate 
images/000021333.jpg	rst teachers, so family does play an imp
images/000021334.jpg	d the remaining cocoon. The butterfly em
images/000021335.jpg	 tree. She noticed what they were doing. The spa
images/000021336.jpg	rs with the cocoon and the butterfly. The but
images/000021337.jpg	. He asked his son to hammer one nail to 
images/000021338.jpg	ll show my paper to my parents, they are so happ
images/000021339.jpg	 to kill the holy animal cow to cover the
images/000021340.jpg	A wise man from the ministry came to the king a
images/000021341.jpg	al days.Last I will help my mother do some hou
images/000021342.jpg	e merchant could do, except return home wher
images/000021343.jpg	' experience-based advice or set themselves aga
images/000021344.jpg	ced what they were doing. The sparrow laugh
images/000021345.jpg	 about 19 hours. The number climbs more than ten
images/000021346.jpg	is a drastic increase of the hours that p
images/000021347.jpg	 a deaf ear to the elders' experience-ba
images/000021348.jpg	nerous to visitors who can drop in on fr
images/000021349.jpg	ch food that he became too big to fit thr
images/000021350.jpg	trength and courage. They both help children t
images/000021351.jpg	 thought that there might be food in it, and h
images/000021352.jpg	 happy. I know I should relax myself and be hap
images/000021353.jpg	the world is difficult for one who sets his mind 
images/000021354.jpg	blem of generation gap, people's ideas are n
images/000021355.jpg	d Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised
images/000021356.jpg	ad becoming lighter, it became heavier.Coc
images/000021357.jpg	of the meaning of humanism. If we treat o
images/000021358.jpg	e was the only son for them. The parents of the l
images/000021359.jpg	o progress. It seemed that the butterfly
images/000021360.jpg	 boy used to get angry very soon and taunt
images/000021361.jpg	ith their king and they were proud that thei
images/000021362.jpg	s hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his temper.
images/000021363.jpg	 Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost 
images/000021364.jpg	30 times on the first day! Every time he 
images/000021365.jpg	t there might be food in it, and he became very 
images/000021366.jpg	t know much about Christmas.”Who is Sant
images/000021367.jpg	ssed and the boy was able to pull out most of th
images/000021368.jpg	order as it would destroy the life of thousands o
images/000021369.jpg	in other countries' family. In China, childr
images/000021370.jpg	parents, they are so happy to see me do 
images/000021371.jpg	er. He ordered for a pair of leather shoes for h
images/000021372.jpg	ome embarrassing mistakes.In short, the
images/000021373.jpg	or several hours, there was no progress. It s
images/000021374.jpg	lies are proud of their harmony and unity. Each
images/000021375.jpg	d keeps our minds open to better ways of seein
images/000021376.jpg	 old generation is too conservative to accep
images/000021377.jpg	n fell into the water. But instead of the l
images/000021378.jpg	lize together, with several generations gather
images/000021379.jpg	nk all of you should take shelter in a cav
images/000021380.jpg	de the butterfly come out of the cocoon without a
images/000021381.jpg	used to get angry very soon and taunt others with
images/000021382.jpg	o each other's outlooks on the world, the gap bet
images/000021383.jpg	father gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked
images/000021384.jpg	rs. I guess he is too busy visiting all the human
images/000021385.jpg	 Today it is used a great deal. There is a dras
images/000021386.jpg	students need English and they need it for dif
images/000021387.jpg	coon. The butterfly emerged without any struggle!
images/000021388.jpg	for angry words. He scolded kids, neighb
images/000021389.jpg	act, he used to spend a lot of time arou
images/000021390.jpg	The members in a Chinese family are respe
images/000021391.jpg	ays an important role in the maintenance of our 
images/000021392.jpg	t in the story of "The Right Son at the Right 
images/000021393.jpg	lot of benefits to us. It makes us do things mo
images/000021394.jpg	rought a lot of benefits to us. It makes us
images/000021395.jpg	l the human children to have much time l
images/000021396.jpg	he first day! Every time he lost his temper, h
images/000021397.jpg	ons why generation gap comes into being. So
images/000021398.jpg	arted blowing at it.Some other monkeys a
images/000021399.jpg	 applauded the minister. He ordered for a pair of
images/000021400.jpg	ions between children and the society, so by cont
images/000021401.jpg	ys passed and the boy was able to pull out 
images/000021402.jpg	t a lot of benefits to us. It makes us do thin
images/000021403.jpg	d were very stony. He could not tolerate
images/000021404.jpg	l out most of the nails from the fence. How
images/000021405.jpg	 ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Parents 
images/000021406.jpg	ld be responsible for solving the problem
images/000021407.jpg	irst I will jion a soccer club,because I like p
images/000021408.jpg	le he cut down trees in the forest. He was
images/000021409.jpg	for human children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So fo
images/000021410.jpg	ocoon without any more struggles. He continued t
images/000021411.jpg	eat and fruit in it!An old woodcutter had pl
images/000021412.jpg	uman children at Christmas time.”“Does he 
images/000021413.jpg	ed the remaining cocoon. The butterfly eme
images/000021414.jpg	 on its back again.The merchant quickly dis
images/000021415.jpg	 distant places were so happy to have a conver
images/000021416.jpg	vities. The more you speak, the better your 
images/000021417.jpg	me the monkeys became very tired. Now they
images/000021418.jpg	ntinuous effort from the butterfly to come out
images/000021419.jpg	dn’t know much about Christmas.”Who is Santa Cla
images/000021420.jpg	er some time the monkeys became very tir
images/000021421.jpg	ies offer the environment of living, friends mak
images/000021422.jpg	t people might feel comfortable, immediat
images/000021423.jpg	 can remove the nails but still see the hole
images/000021424.jpg	 of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the 
images/000021425.jpg	very prosperous life with abundance of wea
images/000021426.jpg	ut any more struggles. He continued to watch t
images/000021427.jpg	s more quickly. Further more, it gives us 
images/000021428.jpg	y mother do some housework. She was really tire
images/000021429.jpg	or good. Use them to embrace the relationsh
images/000021430.jpg	 kindness. Unfortunately, all their attempt
images/000021431.jpg	sed to spend a lot of time around butterflies. He
images/000021432.jpg	friendly, welcoming, and generous to visitors 
images/000021433.jpg	ere is the story of a butterfly that was ne
images/000021434.jpg	t people might feel comfortable, immediate
images/000021435.jpg	cal abuse! Use words for good. Use them to
images/000021436.jpg	k so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, my
images/000021437.jpg	d he did not lose his temper!Now, his father t
images/000021438.jpg	mer in the fence for 30 times on the first 
images/000021439.jpg	ils hammered on the fence was reduced to half. 
images/000021440.jpg	d could see his fellow people leading a 
images/000021441.jpg	through space aided by a galaxyful of fellow 
images/000021442.jpg	hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten 
images/000021443.jpg	eyShort Stories - A Merchant and his Donk
images/000021444.jpg	ant role in shaping children's character. As pa
images/000021445.jpg	. It meant that the butterfly was trying 
images/000021446.jpg	e king was very much surprised by his suggestio
images/000021447.jpg	ce or set themselves against what the el
images/000021448.jpg	me, the butterfly might expand the wings, 
images/000021449.jpg	g ago, people happily lived under the rule of
images/000021450.jpg	 whether you admit it or not. When it comes t
images/000021451.jpg	usehold duties, including the children. Chin
images/000021452.jpg	l. In order to improve the ability of English rea
images/000021453.jpg	cations with them open, at the same time t
images/000021454.jpg	we say that families offer the environment of
images/000021455.jpg	ctors may influence a person's growth. There are 
images/000021456.jpg	n its way. On reaching the river he again fe
images/000021457.jpg	 our society. Humanism calls for us to pay
images/000021458.jpg	efore jumping into the hole.”Computers and Mode
images/000021459.jpg	e out of its cocoon would let the fluid sto
images/000021460.jpg	ut for the better. Humanism makes the worl
images/000021461.jpg	ends make another important part in shaping chil
images/000021462.jpg	e say that families offer the environment of liv
images/000021463.jpg	Further more, it gives us insights into other
images/000021464.jpg	lies decided to help the butterfly. He go
images/000021465.jpg	re proud that their king was so kind with a g
images/000021466.jpg	re than ten times up, indicating computers are 
images/000021467.jpg	e minister. He ordered for a pair of leath
images/000021468.jpg	 in a Chinese family are respectively more than 
images/000021469.jpg	was reduced and the day arrived when no n
images/000021470.jpg	 he cut down trees in the forest. He was goi
images/000021471.jpg	rs are playing a more and more important rol
images/000021472.jpg	onsoled him in many ways to give up his anger
images/000021473.jpg	g morning, a merchant loaded his donkey with bag
images/000021474.jpg	n saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies and ha
images/000021475.jpg	 was quite happy that he visited many pilgrim
images/000021476.jpg	nsion, one should get access to a lot of reading
images/000021477.jpg	s insights into other cultures and keeps our m
images/000021478.jpg	en he opened the package, he saw there were a l
images/000021479.jpg	ren warmth, care and shelter, while frie
images/000021480.jpg	d not lose his temper. He told his father that it
images/000021481.jpg	t be intimidated even though you find others 
images/000021482.jpg	nately, even after continuous attempts for 
images/000021483.jpg	empts for several hours, there was no pr
images/000021484.jpg	se_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around th
images/000021485.jpg	Unfortunately, even after continuous attempts f
images/000021486.jpg	ifferent ideas disturb both of them. Most
images/000021487.jpg	 doing. The sparrow laughed. She said, “H
images/000021488.jpg	He told the boy, “The nails were your ba
images/000021489.jpg	er, while friends give them strength and courage.
images/000021490.jpg	 had been struggling very hard for hours to 
images/000021491.jpg	ng of the society, computers are now widely app
images/000021492.jpg	of us know that a beautiful and colourful b
images/000021493.jpg	ts cocoon would let the fluid stored in the bo
images/000021494.jpg	or butterflies decided to help the butterfly. H
images/000021495.jpg	and generous to visitors who can drop in on fri
images/000021496.jpg	 to help her in the holidays.What will you
images/000021497.jpg	h. There are two apparent factors which aff
images/000021498.jpg	t, the boy did not lose his temper. He told hi
images/000021499.jpg	ir of leather shoes for him and requeste
images/000021500.jpg	 time he lost his temper, he ran to the fe
images/000021501.jpg	he old generation is too conservative to accep
images/000021502.jpg	ot of benefits to us. It makes us do things mo
images/000021503.jpg	he road of the whole country with leather s
images/000021504.jpg	 It requires much time, commitment and discipl
images/000021505.jpg	ou should take shelter in a cave”. The mo
images/000021506.jpg	e foolish, tricky donkey again set on its w
images/000021507.jpg	 of salt to go to the market in order to s
images/000021508.jpg	nt others with his words. His bad temper mad
images/000021509.jpg	t competition, the price has been marked do
images/000021510.jpg	nd weird clothes. Young people either tu
images/000021511.jpg	nd English lectures, while some students need
images/000021512.jpg	ad intolerable pain in his feet as it was his f
images/000021513.jpg	et. He told himself, “I wish that I had 
images/000021514.jpg	 the body would become lighter and smaller
images/000021515.jpg	he problem. As long as both sides keep the
images/000021516.jpg	erations. Those who grow up in happy families te
images/000021517.jpg	e exam, they just want me to be happy. I know I s
images/000021518.jpg	lp her in the holidays.What will you do on Summe
images/000021519.jpg	pointing to the hole, ‘What do you see t
images/000021520.jpg	 and had a swollen body with small and withere
images/000021521.jpg	struggles the butterfly would have emerged lik
images/000021522.jpg	t was two days before Christmas. Harry, Cornel
images/000021523.jpg	er the wings expanded or enlarged nor the s
images/000021524.jpg	 give up his anger and develop kindness. Unfor
images/000021525.jpg	en times up, indicating computers are playi
images/000021526.jpg	dvice or set themselves against what the elders
images/000021527.jpg	ped and fell into the river and noticed that 
images/000021528.jpg	 fence was reduced to half. The little boy fo
images/000021529.jpg	their harmony and unity. Each member of the
images/000021530.jpg	angry words. He scolded kids, neighbours an
images/000021531.jpg	placed the food in the tree trunk while he cut do
images/000021532.jpg	, the price has been marked down over and over
images/000021533.jpg	 the wings expanded or enlarged nor the 
images/000021534.jpg	his first trip by foot to longer distanc
images/000021535.jpg	 all the human children to have much time left fo
images/000021536.jpg	r is a wonderful machine. Today it is use
images/000021537.jpg	at he spoke in anger, his friends and neighbour
images/000021538.jpg	put it under a dry leaf and started blowing at 
images/000021539.jpg	 tolerate the pain as he walked all the 
images/000021540.jpg	 his feet as it was his first trip by foot to 
images/000021541.jpg	nge this for the betterment and happiness
images/000021542.jpg	 wings, shrink the body and the wings could s
images/000021543.jpg	when he opened the package, he saw there were 
images/000021544.jpg	r life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline o
images/000021545.jpg	nt places. He decided to travel by foot t
images/000021546.jpg	cult for one who sets his mind on it.Views on 
images/000021547.jpg	ay, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies 
images/000021548.jpg	young monkeys thought it was fire.He caught 
images/000021549.jpg	d a great deal. There is a drastic increase of
images/000021550.jpg	 that demonstrate humanism. The spirit of huma
images/000021551.jpg	tion gap comes into being. Some think that m
images/000021552.jpg	fence and hammered a nail. In the next few d
images/000021553.jpg	depressed due to his bad temper. The boy used to 
images/000021554.jpg	amilies tend to socialize together, with severa
images/000021555.jpg	tion with their king and they were proud that t
images/000021556.jpg	 father consoled him in many ways to give up his 
images/000021557.jpg	 all worries for his parents through the ver
images/000021558.jpg	y examples that demonstrate humanism. The 
images/000021559.jpg	ut for the better. Humanism makes the world
images/000021560.jpg	 about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Wal
images/000021561.jpg	ger to watch the butterfly fly with its beautiful
images/000021562.jpg	he boy did not lose his temper. He told his fa
images/000021563.jpg	 actions were the example of humanistic beha
images/000021564.jpg	u do on Summer Holiday?When I do well in the 
images/000021565.jpg	r in the holidays.What will you do on Su
images/000021566.jpg	fter continuous attempts for several hours, 
images/000021567.jpg	of humanistic behavior. In the event of a
images/000021568.jpg	sful English LearnerAlmost all the studen
images/000021569.jpg	ds weren’t comfortable and were very stony. He co
images/000021570.jpg	ime. Both sides should talk over their problem
images/000021571.jpg	he man did it with good intention, only goin
images/000021572.jpg	used to walk along those roads as it would be pai
images/000021573.jpg	pie,first I will jion a soccer club,because 
images/000021574.jpg	go on a travel to visit places of historic
images/000021575.jpg	h his little niece Emily and introduced her.
images/000021576.jpg	the body and the wings could support the b
images/000021577.jpg	ment of living, friends make another importan
images/000021578.jpg	runk while he cut down trees in the forest. He 
images/000021579.jpg	 small village, a little boy lived with his 
images/000021580.jpg	oliday is coming.I am going to do many things th
images/000021581.jpg	all the time. But I have put so much pressu
images/000021582.jpg	ill you do on Summer Holiday?When I do we
images/000021583.jpg	l. There is a drastic increase of the hours tha
images/000021584.jpg	g ago, people happily lived under the rule
images/000021585.jpg	e asked me, shivering in the cold air.“San
images/000021586.jpg	sh and they need it for different purposes. So
images/000021587.jpg	ickly discovered the donkey’s trick. He then ret
images/000021588.jpg	 change this for the betterment and happiness of
images/000021589.jpg	l days passed and the boy was able to pull
images/000021590.jpg	er and father consoled him in many ways 
images/000021591.jpg	e treat our fellows with respect and tole
images/000021592.jpg	t different things appeal to different generat
images/000021593.jpg	ime around butterflies. He knew how a butterfl
images/000021594.jpg	em strength and courage. They both help c
images/000021595.jpg	 noticed what they were doing. The sparrow
images/000021596.jpg	the butterfly to come out of its cocoon would le
images/000021597.jpg	er so that people might feel comfortable,
images/000021598.jpg	ld become lighter and smaller and the wings wo
images/000021599.jpg	ocoon. He was watching the butterfly strugglin
images/000021600.jpg	 had not walked far when they reached a 
images/000021601.jpg	laus,” I explained, “brings presents and toys 
images/000021602.jpg	he South and has never seen snow before,
images/000021603.jpg	 as both sides keep their minds open to each ot
images/000021604.jpg	 Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree with
images/000021605.jpg	ple who used to walk along those roads a
images/000021606.jpg	ord Prefect, a researcher for the revised e
images/000021607.jpg	empts for several hours, there was no progress.
images/000021608.jpg	e king decided to go on a travel to visit pl
images/000021609.jpg	d be responsible for solving the problem. As lon
images/000021610.jpg	r important part in shaping children's perso
images/000021611.jpg	hat the roads weren’t comfortable and we
images/000021612.jpg	es in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a f
images/000021613.jpg	girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up
images/000021614.jpg	 return home where he loaded his donkey w
images/000021615.jpg	mes into being. Some think that maybe the o
images/000021616.jpg	mily is from the South and has never seen 
images/000021617.jpg	rents through the verbal usage. While he f
images/000021618.jpg	hen no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did
images/000021619.jpg	tend to socialize together, with several gene
images/000021620.jpg	e are these pens? Why are we born? Why do w
images/000021621.jpg	ll out a few nails. The fence never look the same
images/000021622.jpg	he king decided to go on a travel to visi
images/000021623.jpg	at he did not hammer any nail and he did n
images/000021624.jpg	chhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last
images/000021625.jpg	ey must keep in mind that different things appe
images/000021626.jpg	he man did it with good intention, only 
images/000021627.jpg	 he became very happy. He jumped into the hole an
images/000021628.jpg	sked his son to hammer one nail to the fence 
images/000021629.jpg	 will be narrowed down in time. Both sides should
images/000021630.jpg	. As long as both sides keep their minds open t
images/000021631.jpg	ish that I had thought a little before ju
images/000021632.jpg	erchant and his donkey were walking alon
images/000021633.jpg	er seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “Sh
images/000021634.jpg	The number climbs more than ten times up, indica
images/000021635.jpg	uced to half. The little boy found it very diffi
images/000021636.jpg	 don’t care how I do well in the exam, th
images/000021637.jpg	tions between children and the society, so by 
images/000021638.jpg	little boy were very depressed due to his bad
images/000021639.jpg	py that he made the butterfly come out o
images/000021640.jpg	ojagig, a former graduate student obsessed with
images/000021641.jpg	’t care how I do well in the exam, they just wan
images/000021642.jpg	ies tend to socialize together, with several ge
images/000021643.jpg	I miss her very much.I want to stay with her
images/000021644.jpg	I think all of you should take shelter in a ca
images/000021645.jpg	k, the better your spoken English will be. Not
images/000021646.jpg	 returned home again but re-loaded his donkey
images/000021647.jpg	e hungry fox immediately thought that there 
images/000021648.jpg	He had intolerable pain in his feet as it was 
images/000021649.jpg	n other countries' family. In China, children
images/000021650.jpg	ct a person's growth. One is family, and the
images/000021651.jpg	FenceIn a small village, a little boy liv
images/000021652.jpg	out of the cocoon without any more struggles.
images/000021653.jpg	ot cut from the same cloth. Parents may not be
images/000021654.jpg	illiant, and chronically depressed robot; 
images/000021655.jpg	 time around butterflies. He knew how a but
images/000021656.jpg	imes on the first day! Every time he lost hi
images/000021657.jpg	 a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based advic
images/000021658.jpg	e not taken into account. These different id
images/000021659.jpg	Humanism calls for us to pay closer attention 
images/000021660.jpg	 night. The weather was freezing. A group of mo
images/000021661.jpg	ld the boy, “The nails were your bad temper 
images/000021662.jpg	hers speaking English better than you. Pa
images/000021663.jpg	he cocoon to make larger opening for the but
images/000021664.jpg	ing comprehension, one should get access to a l
images/000021665.jpg	er and mother. He was the only son for them. The
images/000021666.jpg	c2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around this
images/000021667.jpg	ow my paper to my parents, they are so happy
images/000021668.jpg	 the butterfly come out of the cocoon wit
images/000021669.jpg	t competition, the price has been marked down ov
images/000021670.jpg	tree. They were clinging to its branches
images/000021671.jpg	nefits to us. It makes us do things more 
images/000021672.jpg	fence every time he became angry and to l
images/000021673.jpg	to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on
images/000021674.jpg	o English-speakers, attend seminars, write
images/000021675.jpg	ther to celebrate holidays and entertain fri
images/000021676.jpg	es in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out 
images/000021677.jpg	ore and more important role in modern lif
images/000021678.jpg	ained to his ministers that the roads weren’t co
images/000021679.jpg	 number of nails hammered to the fence was reduc
images/000021680.jpg	use,because I miss her very much.I want to s
images/000021681.jpg	ngs expanded or enlarged nor the swollen body
images/000021682.jpg	man did it with good intention, only going throu
images/000021683.jpg	e.What has led to this phenomenon? As far a
images/000021684.jpg	nful than physical abuse! Use words for goo
images/000021685.jpg	 under a dry leaf and started blowing at it
images/000021686.jpg	 and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a me
images/000021687.jpg	er's outlooks on the world, the gap between them
images/000021688.jpg	ree the firefly and moved to a nearby cave.The
images/000021689.jpg	illy monkeys that is a firefly, not real fir
images/000021690.jpg	n them will be narrowed down in time. Both sides
images/000021691.jpg	al reasons. With the rapid progressing of the 
images/000021692.jpg	forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home
images/000021693.jpg	both of them. Most of the things that young gener
images/000021694.jpg	ne nail to the fence every time he became angry 
images/000021695.jpg	emerged like any other beautiful butterflies! 
images/000021696.jpg	. The young man's actions were the example of
images/000021697.jpg	k over their problems with each other activel
images/000021698.jpg	ations should be responsible for solving the pro
images/000021699.jpg	rful combination of colours. In fact, he
images/000021700.jpg	n out for the better. Humanism makes the wor
images/000021701.jpg	stand their children and keep the lines of com
images/000021702.jpg	ish-speakers, attend seminars, write letters
images/000021703.jpg	avior. In the event of a life-threatening
images/000021704.jpg	a small village, a little boy lived with 
images/000021705.jpg	en around this part of the forest for ma
images/000021706.jpg	n, one should get access to a lot of reading mat
images/000021707.jpg	eanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost and the f
images/000021708.jpg	very field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks t
images/000021709.jpg	laus is only for human children,” Fritz s
images/000021710.jpg	he gap between them will be narrowed down in ti
images/000021711.jpg	rate humanism. The spirit of humanism is apparen
images/000021712.jpg	ony and unity. Each member of the family c
images/000021713.jpg	. Don't feel embarrassed when making som
images/000021714.jpg	udent obsessed with the disappearance of a
images/000021715.jpg	told himself, “I wish that I had thought a littl
images/000021716.jpg	nd removed the remaining cocoon. The butterfly e
images/000021717.jpg	, I will show my paper to my parents, they
images/000021718.jpg	wish we could find some fire. It will he
images/000021719.jpg	nd they were proud that their king was so kind w
images/000021720.jpg	e butterfly and removed the remaining cocoon.
images/000021721.jpg	ttle before jumping into the hole.”Computers an
images/000021722.jpg	with his people and accompany them. People o
images/000021723.jpg	hat the butterfly was trying to make its w
images/000021724.jpg	y son for them. The parents of the little boy
images/000021725.jpg	t Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said
images/000021726.jpg	ce of hardship. Don't be intimidated even though 
images/000021727.jpg	decided to help the butterfly. He got a 
images/000021728.jpg	f the things that young generation is keen on are
images/000021729.jpg	he boy told his father about the same.  The fathe
images/000021730.jpg	 our fellows. Occasional examples of hum
images/000021731.jpg	en to wear shoes. FoolsIt was a cold and 
images/000021732.jpg	et access to a lot of reading materials, whic
images/000021733.jpg	y. He put it under a dry leaf and started
images/000021734.jpg	 very hungry. No matter how hard he tried, the fo
images/000021735.jpg	o, people happily lived under the rule of a k
images/000021736.jpg	 these pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? For 
images/000021737.jpg	ers speaking English better than you. Pa
images/000021738.jpg	 colourful butterfly comes from an unappeal
images/000021739.jpg	ched there for food. Suddenly he caught 
images/000021740.jpg	y that he visited many pilgrim centres and c
images/000021741.jpg	 things may turn out for the better. Humani
images/000021742.jpg	: “I think all of you should take shelter
images/000021743.jpg	her's outlooks on the world, the gap between the
images/000021744.jpg	ant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring mo
images/000021745.jpg	s that he did not hammer any nail and he did n
images/000021746.jpg	t. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he tr
images/000021747.jpg	ring presents to animal children?” Emily
images/000021748.jpg	t that at any time, the butterfly might exp
images/000021749.jpg	only son for them. The parents of the litt
images/000021750.jpg	t was never able to live a life like a butt
images/000021751.jpg	dom were very happy as they had a very pro
images/000021752.jpg	onvert into wings. Thus, the body would become l
images/000021753.jpg	. She noticed what they were doing. The s
images/000021754.jpg	s little niece Emily and introduced her.
images/000021755.jpg	ve for butterflies decided to help the but
images/000021756.jpg	ither have I,” Harry added, shaking his hea
images/000021757.jpg	e holidays and entertain friends. The househol
images/000021758.jpg	 three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to
images/000021759.jpg	rs are now widely applied in almost every field 
images/000021760.jpg	emonstrate humanism. The spirit of humani
images/000021761.jpg	ould be painful for them too!He made an ord
images/000021762.jpg	so family does play an important role in sh
images/000021763.jpg	oy lived with his father and mother. He w
images/000021764.jpg	d. The young man's actions were the exam
images/000021765.jpg	thing in the world is difficult for one who 
images/000021766.jpg	king asked - what was his alternative ide
images/000021767.jpg	on. He loved butterflies and had a craze fo
images/000021768.jpg	is son to hammer one nail to the fence every t
images/000021769.jpg	ss can remind us of the meaning of humanism.
images/000021770.jpg	 except return home where he loaded his donkey 
images/000021771.jpg	onkey were walking along together. They 
images/000021772.jpg	liant, and chronically depressed robot; and V
images/000021773.jpg	f historical importance and pilgrim centres at 
images/000021774.jpg	ld us. “She doesn’t know much about our 
images/000021775.jpg	tance. He complained to his ministers that the
images/000021776.jpg	row came flying to its nest. The monkeys were si
images/000021777.jpg	s. Unfortunately, all their attempts failed
images/000021778.jpg	 that I want to do. For exampie,first I will jio
images/000021779.jpg	to have a conversation with their king and they w
images/000021780.jpg	e to live in.
images/000021781.jpg	nt to the edge of the forest and searched
images/000021782.jpg	o English-speakers, attend seminars, write letter
images/000021783.jpg	arger opening for the butterfly and removed the r
images/000021784.jpg	nt ideas disturb both of them. Most of th
images/000021785.jpg	cause I like playing soccer.During the summer hol
images/000021786.jpg	led him in many ways to give up his anger a
images/000021787.jpg	mbination of colours. In fact, he used to spend 
images/000021788.jpg	ain friends. The household is always friendly
images/000021789.jpg	edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 
images/000021790.jpg	work actor.Together, this dynamic pair be
images/000021791.jpg	event of a life-threatening emergency, humanism 
images/000021792.jpg	 they had a very prosperous life with abund
images/000021793.jpg	ese different ideas disturb both of them
images/000021794.jpg	ything new. Their voices are not taken into
images/000021795.jpg	ough you find others speaking English better than
images/000021796.jpg	ed world humanism plays an important role in the 
images/000021797.jpg	man was happy that he made the butterfly com
images/000021798.jpg	sh well. In order to improve the ability of En
images/000021799.jpg	n anger, his friends and neighbours avoide
images/000021800.jpg	 him and asked him pointing to the hole, ‘
images/000021801.jpg	ling worm! Here is the story of a butterfly th
images/000021802.jpg	orries for his parents through the verba
images/000021803.jpg	 life with abundance of wealth and no misf
images/000021804.jpg	er look the same! It has scars all over! Yo
images/000021805.jpg	cept for taking care of me, she also has to wo
images/000021806.jpg	r countries' family. In China, children liv
images/000021807.jpg	minds open to better ways of seeing things. Co
images/000021808.jpg	 also help accumulate and enlarge your vocab
images/000021809.jpg	racter. As parents, they should learn to un
images/000021810.jpg	olours. In fact, he used to spend a lot of time 
images/000021811.jpg	oliday is coming.I am going to do many things tha
images/000021812.jpg	ery much worried about the people who used to w
images/000021813.jpg	 want to be happy all the time. But I have p
images/000021814.jpg	their children's hairstyle and weird clothes.
images/000021815.jpg	ppy families tend to have many pleasant character
images/000021816.jpg	They set free the firefly and moved to a ne
images/000021817.jpg	 butterflies. He knew how a butterfly would 
images/000021818.jpg	 butterfly just crawled around with withered win
images/000021819.jpg	cover the road with leather? Rather, you 
images/000021820.jpg	ing comprehension, one should get access to a l
images/000021821.jpg	t pull out a few nails. The fence never look 
images/000021822.jpg	oy, “The nails were your bad temper and they w
images/000021823.jpg	ed edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to th
images/000021824.jpg	uld have emerged like any other beautiful bu
images/000021825.jpg	le to pull out most of the nails from the fence
images/000021826.jpg	lized world humanism plays an important role in 
images/000021827.jpg	u admit it or not. When it comes to the problem 
images/000021828.jpg	er. He was the only son for them. The parents
images/000021829.jpg	to work. Therefore, I want to help her in the
images/000021830.jpg	rning is perseverance in face of hardship. Don'
images/000021831.jpg	d the boy was able to pull out most of the nails
images/000021832.jpg	o watch the butterfly fly with its beaut
images/000021833.jpg	Yourself and not The WorldLong ago, people 
images/000021834.jpg	rs, etc.Students should have some ideal quali
images/000021835.jpg	 father and mother. He was the only son for th
images/000021836.jpg	t of reading materials, which can also h
images/000021837.jpg	on. He loved butterflies and had a craze 
images/000021838.jpg	om a nearby spring. However, no matter h
images/000021839.jpg	on't feel embarrassed when making some embarras
images/000021840.jpg	Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree with a hol
images/000021841.jpg	 Arthur Dent is plucked off the planet by his 
images/000021842.jpg	cold.”Change Yourself and not The WorldLong a
images/000021843.jpg	he exam, I will show my paper to my parent
images/000021844.jpg	outlooks on the world, the gap between them will
images/000021845.jpg	er distance. He complained to his ministe
images/000021846.jpg	temper and they were hammered on people. You can
images/000021847.jpg	hink that maybe the old generation is too conserv
images/000021848.jpg	 requested the countrymen to wear shoes. 
images/000021849.jpg	will show my paper to my parents, they are so ha
images/000021850.jpg	arance of all the ballpoint pens he's bought over
images/000021851.jpg	s words. His bad temper made him fall for 
images/000021852.jpg	 the road of the whole country with leather so 
images/000021853.jpg	ey set free the firefly and moved to a nea
images/000021854.jpg	Several days passed and the boy was able 
images/000021855.jpg	vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making
images/000021856.jpg	efore, I want to help her in the holiday
images/000021857.jpg	t has led to this phenomenon? As far as 
images/000021858.jpg	o his ministers that the roads weren’t comf
images/000021859.jpg	to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on the s
images/000021860.jpg	rt from the butterfly to come out of its coco
images/000021861.jpg	? For all the answers, stick your thumb to
images/000021862.jpg	 about the people who used to walk along
images/000021863.jpg	ality for successful English learning is
images/000021864.jpg	t he spoke in anger, his friends and neig
images/000021865.jpg	 do some housework. She was really tired when
images/000021866.jpg	t what he spoke in anger, his friends and neig
images/000021867.jpg	n a cave”. The monkeys did not listen to the s
images/000021868.jpg	Long ago, people happily lived under the rule of
images/000021869.jpg	t to go to the market in order to sell the
images/000021870.jpg	wonderful machine. Today it is used a gr
images/000021871.jpg	r important part in shaping children's pers
images/000021872.jpg	ople leading a propitious life. However, he had r
images/000021873.jpg	t return home where he loaded his donkey with m
images/000021874.jpg	ails drove him to hammer in the fence for 3
images/000021875.jpg	gress. It seemed that the butterfly tried its bes
images/000021876.jpg	roundings is the family in which he will grow up
images/000021877.jpg	ed his son to hammer one nail to the fence eve
images/000021878.jpg	pany them. People of distant places were so h
images/000021879.jpg	children live with their parents even after 
images/000021880.jpg	s, write letters, etc.Students should have
images/000021881.jpg	rprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around
images/000021882.jpg	 days passed and the boy was able to pull out 
images/000021883.jpg	istmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I we
images/000021884.jpg	he Right Son at the Right Time". The soldier ext
images/000021885.jpg	n's growth. There are two apparent factors 
images/000021886.jpg	le either turn a deaf ear to the elders' expe
images/000021887.jpg	 favor of their children's hairstyle and weird 
images/000021888.jpg	, with several generations gathering around th
images/000021889.jpg	dness. Unfortunately, all their attempts fai
images/000021890.jpg	 The monkeys did not listen to the sparrow. T
images/000021891.jpg	 a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies and ha
images/000021892.jpg	terfly to come out of its cocoon would let 
images/000021893.jpg	s hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose hi
images/000021894.jpg	nt places. He decided to travel by foot to inter
images/000021895.jpg	not cut from the same cloth. Parents may not 
images/000021896.jpg	blems with each other actively, sincerely a
images/000021897.jpg	e,because I miss her very much.I want to sta
images/000021898.jpg	he day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet, 
images/000021899.jpg	e he lost his temper, he ran to the fence and ham
images/000021900.jpg	everal hours. He spent almost more than 10 h
images/000021901.jpg	 any other beautiful butterflies! The con
images/000021902.jpg	tening emergency, humanism can be as important a
images/000021903.jpg	arrow. They continued to blow at our poor
images/000021904.jpg	y convert into wings. Thus, the body would becom
images/000021905.jpg	o the water. But instead of the load becoming
images/000021906.jpg	he Hungry Fox who got Caught in the Tree T
images/000021907.jpg	tion of colours. In fact, he used to spend a lot 
images/000021908.jpg	ut it under a dry leaf and started blowing at it.
images/000021909.jpg	hildren to understand the world as it is
images/000021910.jpg	e story of "The Right Son at the Right Time
images/000021911.jpg	hronically depressed robot; and Veet Voo
images/000021912.jpg	o the palace. He was quite happy that he visite
images/000021913.jpg	m the butterfly to come out of its cocoon wo
images/000021914.jpg	 us of the meaning of humanism. If we treat our
images/000021915.jpg	has scars all over! You can stab a man with
images/000021916.jpg	 was a hungry fox that was looking for someth
images/000021917.jpg	e is a drastic increase of the hours that p
images/000021918.jpg	nglish will be. Nothing in the world is difficult
images/000021919.jpg	arrassed when making some embarrassing mist
images/000021920.jpg	flies and had a craze for its wonderful combina
images/000021921.jpg	 drove him to hammer in the fence for 30 time
images/000021922.jpg	 as both sides keep their minds open to each 
images/000021923.jpg	as a hungry fox that was looking for som
images/000021924.jpg	e proud that their king was so kind with
images/000021925.jpg	y of English reading comprehension, one should
images/000021926.jpg	to help her in the holidays.What will you do on S
images/000021927.jpg	hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his temper. H
images/000021928.jpg	 and removed the remaining cocoon. The butterfl
images/000021929.jpg	s are more painful than physical abuse! 
images/000021930.jpg	id not hammer any nail and he did not lose
images/000021931.jpg	tions were the example of humanistic behavi
images/000021932.jpg	they were hammered on people. You can remove th
images/000021933.jpg	ht a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf and sta
images/000021934.jpg	le before jumping into the hole.”Computers 
images/000021935.jpg	udents need it to read English textbooks or jonr
images/000021936.jpg	erfly would come out of the cocoon. He w
images/000021937.jpg	were the example of humanistic behavior. In 
images/000021938.jpg	ish better than you. Participate in all ora
images/000021939.jpg	lp accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. D
images/000021940.jpg	eeks rational ways of solving human probl
images/000021941.jpg	want to help her in the holidays.What will yo
images/000021942.jpg	ails hammered on the fence was reduced to half
images/000021943.jpg	lidays and entertain friends. The househo
images/000021944.jpg	lize together, with several generations gathe
images/000021945.jpg	terfly fly with its beautiful wings.He thought
images/000021946.jpg	sters that the roads weren’t comfortable and w
images/000021947.jpg	er how hard he tried, the fox could not find 
images/000021948.jpg	, even after continuous attempts for several ho
images/000021949.jpg	gh the verbal usage. While he forgot what he
images/000021950.jpg	in but re-loaded his donkey with bags of spon
images/000021951.jpg	that was never able to live a life like a butter
images/000021952.jpg	 consoled him in many ways to give up his anger
images/000021953.jpg	terfly just crawled around with withered wings 
images/000021954.jpg	ther and it would cost a huge amount of money
images/000021955.jpg	en marked down over and over again so that ma
images/000021956.jpg	w nails. The fence never look the same! It h
images/000021957.jpg	rsty and decided to leave the trunk and drink so
images/000021958.jpg	robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate stu
images/000021959.jpg	e boy were very depressed due to his bad tempe
images/000021960.jpg	 it to talk to English-speakers, attend 
images/000021961.jpg	at maybe the old generation is too conser
images/000021962.jpg	mer the nails and decided to control his
images/000021963.jpg	riend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a
images/000021964.jpg	ld generation is too conservative to accept 
images/000021965.jpg	severance in face of hardship. Don't be intimida
images/000021966.jpg	uite happy that he visited many pilgrim centres
images/000021967.jpg	earning is perseverance in face of hards
images/000021968.jpg	 the river and wasted all the bags of salt 
images/000021969.jpg	 without previous invitation.Chinese famil
images/000021970.jpg	do?” she asked me, shivering in the cold air.
images/000021971.jpg	fortunately, all their attempts failed. Final
images/000021972.jpg	om about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The 
images/000021973.jpg	to come out through the tiny opening. Unfo
images/000021974.jpg	whether you admit it or not. When it come
images/000021975.jpg	the next few days, the number of nails hammere
images/000021976.jpg	ed and the boy was able to pull out most of th
images/000021977.jpg	 the students need English and they need it for
images/000021978.jpg	d intolerable pain in his feet as it was his 
images/000021979.jpg	is father about the same.  The father appreciate
images/000021980.jpg	unately, the butterfly looked no longer b
images/000021981.jpg	isten to the sparrow. They continued to bl
images/000021982.jpg	e the trunk and drink some water from a 
images/000021983.jpg	s temper, he ran to the fence and hammered a nail
images/000021984.jpg	 same tree. She noticed what they were doing.
images/000021985.jpg	Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know much about our w
images/000021986.jpg	om the South and has never seen snow before,
images/000021987.jpg	ut the people who used to walk along tho
images/000021988.jpg	 other cultures and keeps our minds open to b
images/000021989.jpg	examples of human goodness can remind us of the m
images/000021990.jpg	ger, his friends and neighbours avoided him.
images/000021991.jpg	children and keep the lines of communications wi
images/000021992.jpg	icia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom
images/000021993.jpg	eird clothes. Young people either turn a 
images/000021994.jpg	ags of salt loaded on his back became lig
images/000021995.jpg	er.There was nothing the merchant could do, exce
images/000021996.jpg	there forever. Your bad temper and anger we
images/000021997.jpg	 generation is too conservative to accept an
images/000021998.jpg	ch about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Wa
images/000021999.jpg	t teachers, so family does play an important 
images/000022000.jpg	nds make another important part in shaping 
images/000022001.jpg	ve some ideal qualities to succeed in English l
images/000022002.jpg	ed to half. The little boy found it very diffi
images/000022003.jpg	 about the whole idea. Let’s go home now be
images/000022004.jpg	 and he became very happy. He jumped into
images/000022005.jpg	ut-to-lunch president of the galaxy; Trillian (f
images/000022006.jpg	ard for hours to come out through the tiny open
images/000022007.jpg	 the family in which he will grow up. Parent
images/000022008.jpg	od in the tree trunk while he cut down trees i
images/000022009.jpg	w a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had a cra
images/000022010.jpg	ading comprehension, one should get access to 
images/000022011.jpg	it would cost a huge amount of money also.A w
images/000022012.jpg	robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate s
images/000022013.jpg	contributes to household duties, including t
images/000022014.jpg	ell into the river and noticed that the bags o
images/000022015.jpg	d world humanism plays an important role i
images/000022016.jpg	hildren warmth, care and shelter, while f
images/000022017.jpg	e spirit of humanism is apparent in the story of
images/000022018.jpg	ely broaden our vision.How to Be a Successf
images/000022019.jpg	is anger and develop kindness. Unfortuna
images/000022020.jpg	 pleasant characters. If we say that fami
images/000022021.jpg	 that he became too big to fit through th
images/000022022.jpg	The nails drove him to hammer in the fence 
images/000022023.jpg	he little boy were very depressed due to h
images/000022024.jpg	ople who used to walk along those roads as i
images/000022025.jpg	st day! Every time he lost his temper, he ra
images/000022026.jpg	y both help children to understand the wor
images/000022027.jpg	er holiday is coming.I am going to do many thi
images/000022028.jpg	n. The butterfly emerged without any stru
images/000022029.jpg	sed advice or set themselves against what th
images/000022030.jpg	 same time they must keep in mind that di
images/000022031.jpg	e decided to travel by foot to interact with 
images/000022032.jpg	e invited all worries for his parents through 
images/000022033.jpg	 how the butterfly would come out of the c
images/000022034.jpg	time, there was a hungry fox that was lookin
images/000022035.jpg	 will be. Nothing in the world is difficult for o
images/000022036.jpg	u can stab a man with a knife, but the wound will
images/000022037.jpg	 by his suggestionand applauded the minist
images/000022038.jpg	ed that the butterfly tried its best and co
images/000022039.jpg	ntenance of our society. Humanism calls 
images/000022040.jpg	ck of fireflies. One of the young monkey
images/000022041.jpg	e monkeys became very tired. Now they rea
images/000022042.jpg	ily. “So forget about the whole idea. Let’s 
images/000022043.jpg	m to embrace the relationships. Use them to show
images/000022044.jpg	ly does play an important role in shaping chi
images/000022045.jpg	occer club,because I like playing soccer.D
images/000022046.jpg	rld humanism plays an important role in the maint
images/000022047.jpg	 would become lighter and smaller and the wings 
images/000022048.jpg	nd butterflies. He knew how a butterfly 
images/000022049.jpg	ther important part in shaping children's 
images/000022050.jpg	sed edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the 
images/000022051.jpg	ie and totally out-to-lunch president of 
images/000022052.jpg	through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even 
images/000022053.jpg	ak, the better your spoken English will 
images/000022054.jpg	a nearby spring. However, no matter how hard he t
images/000022055.jpg	es! The continuous effort from the butter
images/000022056.jpg	ter has brought a lot of benefits to us. It ma
images/000022057.jpg	ame heavier.Cocoon and the ButterflyMan
images/000022058.jpg	of time around butterflies. He knew how a butter
images/000022059.jpg	h the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even afte
images/000022060.jpg	 a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that 
images/000022061.jpg	lowing at it.Some other monkeys also joined i
images/000022062.jpg	urs. He spent almost more than 10 hours wi
images/000022063.jpg	man children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So 
images/000022064.jpg	ulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't fee
images/000022065.jpg	ngs appeal to different generations. Those
images/000022066.jpg	revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide t
images/000022067.jpg	that the butterfly tried its best and coul
images/000022068.jpg	ag of nails. He asked his son to hammer one 
images/000022069.jpg	to celebrate holidays and entertain frien
images/000022070.jpg	rnelius, Monty and I were busy building a snow
images/000022071.jpg	ith withered wings and huge body. It was n
images/000022072.jpg	his part of the forest for many years. I guess he
images/000022073.jpg	sional examples of human goodness can remind us o
images/000022074.jpg	t, a researcher for the revised edition of T
images/000022075.jpg	They had not walked far when they reached
images/000022076.jpg	 that the roads weren’t comfortable and were ve
images/000022077.jpg	 "The Right Son at the Right Time". The soldier e
images/000022078.jpg	es are not taken into account. These differ
images/000022079.jpg	rents are children's first teachers, so family
images/000022080.jpg	illian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's
images/000022081.jpg	y fox that was looking for something to eat.
images/000022082.jpg	lying to its nest. The monkeys were sitt
images/000022083.jpg	f nails hammered to the fence was reduced a
images/000022084.jpg	d he tried, the fox could not find food. Fin
images/000022085.jpg	ls. The fence never look the same! It has scar
images/000022086.jpg	as. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy build
images/000022087.jpg	ts nest. The monkeys were sitting on the same 
images/000022088.jpg	ith the cocoon and the butterfly. The butt
images/000022089.jpg	ime. Both sides should talk over their p
images/000022090.jpg	ime, commitment and discipline to learn Englis
images/000022091.jpg	slippery riverbank, now deliberately, the don
images/000022092.jpg	do on Summer Holiday?When I do well in the exam
images/000022093.jpg	r good. Use them to embrace the relations
images/000022094.jpg	h. Parents may not be in favor of their c
images/000022095.jpg	rit of humanism is apparent in the story of 
images/000022096.jpg	s, Monty and I were busy building a snowman when
images/000022097.jpg	 She was really tired when I was go to schoo
images/000022098.jpg	ear his order as it would destroy the life o
images/000022099.jpg	 see the holes in the fence. Again, you cannot p
images/000022100.jpg	 They were clinging to its branches. One of t
images/000022101.jpg	stay with her for several days.Last I will
images/000022102.jpg	o hear his order as it would destroy the life of
images/000022103.jpg	 little before jumping into the hole.”Compute
images/000022104.jpg	attempts for several hours, there was no pro
images/000022105.jpg	 I will help my mother do some housework. Sh
images/000022106.jpg	ent is plucked off the planet by his friend Ford
images/000022107.jpg	ng on the same tree. She noticed what they were
images/000022108.jpg	f human goodness can remind us of the meaning 
images/000022109.jpg	ccepted to do what his father said.The nails
images/000022110.jpg	s to about 19 hours. The number climbs more than
images/000022111.jpg	g thought that he had to change this for 
images/000022112.jpg	n out for the better. Humanism makes the worl
images/000022113.jpg	 as it was his first trip by foot to longer dis
images/000022114.jpg	er attention to our fellows. Occasional exa
images/000022115.jpg	ontinuous attempts for several hours, th
images/000022116.jpg	arket competition, the price has been ma
images/000022117.jpg	emper and they were hammered on people. You c
images/000022118.jpg	ather appreciated him and asked him poin
images/000022119.jpg	hem. The parents of the little boy were very depr
images/000022120.jpg	earby cave.The Hungry Fox who got Caught in the 
images/000022121.jpg	refly. He put it under a dry leaf and started 
images/000022122.jpg	s wonderful combination of colours. In fact, he 
images/000022123.jpg	ou know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food 
images/000022124.jpg	ces are not taken into account. These different i
images/000022125.jpg	of leather shoes for him and requested the cou
images/000022126.jpg	to our fellows. Occasional examples of human
images/000022127.jpg	 my parents tell me that they don’t care how I d
images/000022128.jpg	lly tired when I was go to school. Except
images/000022129.jpg	ontinued: “I think all of you should take
images/000022130.jpg	rt into wings. Thus, the body would become li
images/000022131.jpg	fell into the river and noticed that the bags o
images/000022132.jpg	ther that it was several days that he did not 
images/000022133.jpg	- Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, 
images/000022134.jpg	to spend a lot of time around butterflie
images/000022135.jpg	 he was very much worried about the peopl
images/000022136.jpg	other and father consoled him in many ways to gi
images/000022137.jpg	 demolished to make way for a galactic free
images/000022138.jpg	ngs. Thus, the body would become lighter and 
images/000022139.jpg	Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's gi
images/000022140.jpg	hey were doing. The sparrow laughed. She sai
images/000022141.jpg	kids, neighbours and even his friends due to an
images/000022142.jpg	sty and decided to leave the trunk and drink some
images/000022143.jpg	demonstrate humanism. The spirit of human
images/000022144.jpg	ays passed and the boy was able to pull out m
images/000022145.jpg	boy told his father about the same.  The fath
images/000022146.jpg	 spoke in anger, his friends and neighbours avoid
images/000022147.jpg	lly, the number of nails hammered to the
images/000022148.jpg	es the butterfly would have emerged like an
images/000022149.jpg	racter. As parents, they should learn to und
images/000022150.jpg	t under a dry leaf and started blowing at it.S
images/000022151.jpg	He decided to travel by foot to interact with hi
images/000022152.jpg	he fence for 30 times on the first day! Ever
images/000022153.jpg	ept return home where he loaded his donke
images/000022154.jpg	 down in time. Both sides should talk ov
images/000022155.jpg	 to the edge of the forest and searched th
images/000022156.jpg	ngs may turn out for the better. Humanis
images/000022157.jpg	s effort from the butterfly to come out of 
images/000022158.jpg	o happy to see me do well in the exam. I want to
images/000022159.jpg	ccompany them. People of distant places 
images/000022160.jpg	age. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, 
images/000022161.jpg	d with withered wings and huge body. It was neve
images/000022162.jpg	nism plays an important role in the maintenan
images/000022163.jpg	y must keep in mind that different thing
images/000022164.jpg	ittle boy found it hilarious and accepted to d
images/000022165.jpg	ould support the body.  Unfortunately, neither 
images/000022166.jpg	e hours that people spend on computers per wee
images/000022167.jpg	ll of you should take shelter in a cave”. The 
images/000022168.jpg	ral days passed and the boy was able to pul
images/000022169.jpg	y, and the other is friends.After one was
images/000022170.jpg	tz appeared with his little niece Emily an
images/000022171.jpg	e price has been marked down over and over 
images/000022172.jpg	urful butterfly comes from an unappealing worm! 
images/000022173.jpg	the hours that people spend on computers per wee
images/000022174.jpg	om an unappealing worm! Here is the story o
images/000022175.jpg	erable pain in his feet as it was his firs
images/000022176.jpg	ation gap, people's ideas are not cut from the sa
images/000022177.jpg	FoolsIt was a cold and silent night. The weath
images/000022178.jpg	e were a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit in it
images/000022179.jpg	st. The monkeys were sitting on the same
images/000022180.jpg	 I will jion a soccer club,because I like playi
images/000022181.jpg	r its wonderful combination of colours. In 
images/000022182.jpg	hered wings and huge body. It was never able
images/000022183.jpg	 should take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys
images/000022184.jpg	nd were very stony. He could not tolerate the pai
images/000022185.jpg	family. In China, children live with their p
images/000022186.jpg	 piece of leather cut in appropriate shape
images/000022187.jpg	 cold.”Change Yourself and not The WorldL
images/000022188.jpg	the relationships. Use them to show your heart
images/000022189.jpg	ravelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed,
images/000022190.jpg	 ability of English reading comprehension, one
images/000022191.jpg	nto account. These different ideas disturb both o
images/000022192.jpg	e first surroundings is the family in which he w
images/000022193.jpg	tended a helping hand to the old man in tim
images/000022194.jpg	ts should have some ideal qualities to succeed 
images/000022195.jpg	re, I want to help her in the holidays.What 
images/000022196.jpg	re very stony. He could not tolerate the p
images/000022197.jpg	 which affect a person's growth. One is fa
images/000022198.jpg	e tried, he could not get out of the hole. Do 
images/000022199.jpg	le's ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Pare
images/000022200.jpg	? Rather, you can just have a piece of le
images/000022201.jpg	 hand to the old man in time of need. The young 
images/000022202.jpg	ly. Further more, it gives us insights into 
images/000022203.jpg	 that at any time, the butterfly might ex
images/000022204.jpg	 of the cocoon. He was watching the butter
images/000022205.jpg	oy were very depressed due to his bad tempe
images/000022206.jpg	ut re-loaded his donkey with bags of spong
images/000022207.jpg	As parents, they should learn to understand thei
images/000022208.jpg	,because I miss her very much.I want to stay w
images/000022209.jpg	ral generations gathering around the television i
images/000022210.jpg	he water. But instead of the load becomi
images/000022211.jpg	n over and over again so that many peopl
images/000022212.jpg	arrow continued: “I think all of you sho
images/000022213.jpg	the palace. He was quite happy that he visi
images/000022214.jpg	rs per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours
images/000022215.jpg	 monkeys thought it was fire.He caught a
images/000022216.jpg	bout the whole idea. Let’s go home now before
images/000022217.jpg	, indicating computers are playing a more and m
images/000022218.jpg	his people and accompany them. People of distant
images/000022219.jpg	k. She was really tired when I was go to school. 
images/000022220.jpg	e was the only son for them. The parents of the l
images/000022221.jpg	on't be intimidated even though you find o
images/000022222.jpg	istant places were so happy to have a convers
images/000022223.jpg	ls drove him to hammer in the fence for 
images/000022224.jpg	dren and the society, so by contacting with f
images/000022225.jpg	o him?” Emily asked.“I don’t think so,” s
images/000022226.jpg	t would destroy the life of thousands of cows 
images/000022227.jpg	ngry very soon and taunt others with his word
images/000022228.jpg	 pleasant characters. If we say that famil
images/000022229.jpg	nerous to visitors who can drop in on friends
images/000022230.jpg	ony and unity. Each member of the family contr
images/000022231.jpg	er one nail to the fence every time he be
images/000022232.jpg	r. But instead of the load becoming lighter, i
images/000022233.jpg	p comes into being. Some think that mayb
images/000022234.jpg	 used to get angry very soon and taunt others wit
images/000022235.jpg	He told the boy, “The nails were your bad 
images/000022236.jpg	ckly. Further more, it gives us insights i
images/000022237.jpg	t I want to do. For exampie,first I will jion 
images/000022238.jpg	ed world humanism plays an important role i
images/000022239.jpg	onkeys did not listen to the sparrow. They 
images/000022240.jpg	 do things more quickly. Further more, it give
images/000022241.jpg	ather cut in appropriate shape to cover your 
images/000022242.jpg	ter. As parents, they should learn to underst
images/000022243.jpg	ng those roads as it would be painful fo
images/000022244.jpg	h help children to understand the world 
images/000022245.jpg	 the butterfly just crawled around with wi
images/000022246.jpg	ter in a cave”. The monkeys did not listen to t
images/000022247.jpg	 seminars, write letters, etc.Students should ha
images/000022248.jpg	o this phenomenon? As far as I know, it involves
images/000022249.jpg	tunately, the butterfly looked no longer beau
images/000022250.jpg	rmony and unity. Each member of the family contri
images/000022251.jpg	a Chinese family are respectively more than in o
images/000022252.jpg	our bad temper and anger were like that! Words
images/000022253.jpg	 places were so happy to have a conversation wit
images/000022254.jpg	the butterfly to come out of its cocoon w
images/000022255.jpg	rapid progressing of the society, compute
images/000022256.jpg	tterfly and he was quite eager to watch the bu
images/000022257.jpg	he galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Z
images/000022258.jpg	rticipate in all oral activities. The more
images/000022259.jpg	an to the fence and hammered a nail. In the nex
images/000022260.jpg	ople might feel comfortable, immediately.Th
images/000022261.jpg	rate humanism. The spirit of humanism is appar
images/000022262.jpg	t I will jion a soccer club,because I like 
images/000022263.jpg	puters are playing a more and more importan
images/000022264.jpg	ve the trunk and drink some water from a 
images/000022265.jpg	g children's personality. Friends are the c
images/000022266.jpg	h generations should be responsible for solvi
images/000022267.jpg	 He spent almost more than 10 hours with the coc
images/000022268.jpg	 for us to pay closer attention to our fello
images/000022269.jpg	enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarras
images/000022270.jpg	 upset. He told himself, “I wish that I h
images/000022271.jpg	ody and the wings could support the body.
images/000022272.jpg	 for solving the problem. As long as both side
images/000022273.jpg	y get married. So a household consisting of th
images/000022274.jpg	e caught a firefly. He put it under a dry 
images/000022275.jpg	or. In the event of a life-threatening em
images/000022276.jpg	rtant role in the maintenance of our society
images/000022277.jpg	 opening for the butterfly and removed t
images/000022278.jpg	ce to live in.
images/000022279.jpg	velers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, t
images/000022280.jpg	id not hammer any nail and he did not lose h
images/000022281.jpg	ur tried to pick up at a cocktail party once upon
images/000022282.jpg	 - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring 
images/000022283.jpg	g children's personality. Friends are the connect
images/000022284.jpg	n computers per week, ranging from about 1.
images/000022285.jpg	milies offer children warmth, care and shelter, 
images/000022286.jpg	ir king and they were proud that their k
images/000022287.jpg	19 hours. The number climbs more than te
images/000022288.jpg	mber of the family contributes to household dut
images/000022289.jpg	nd asked him pointing to the hole, ‘What 
images/000022290.jpg	his donkey were walking along together. They h
images/000022291.jpg	nkey again set on its way. On reaching the 
images/000022292.jpg	p, people's ideas are not cut from the same cl
images/000022293.jpg	fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few nails
images/000022294.jpg	terfly would come out of the cocoon. He was watch
images/000022295.jpg	olourful butterfly comes from an unappeal
images/000022296.jpg	ey realized what the sparrow had said was co
images/000022297.jpg	ut from the same cloth. Parents may not be in fa
images/000022298.jpg	ake way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is p
images/000022299.jpg	her. They had not walked far when they reached a
images/000022300.jpg	d to get angry very soon and taunt other
images/000022301.jpg	 do you want to kill the holy animal cow to cov
images/000022302.jpg	ce in face of hardship. Don't be intimidated
images/000022303.jpg	nd anger were like that! Words are more pa
images/000022304.jpg	reciated him and asked him pointing to th
images/000022305.jpg	advice or set themselves against what the
images/000022306.jpg	ad controlled his anger. Several days pa
images/000022307.jpg	per and anger were like that! Words are more 
images/000022308.jpg	rn out for the better. Humanism makes the 
images/000022309.jpg	 be painful for them too!He made an orde
images/000022310.jpg	ys to give up his anger and develop kindness. 
images/000022311.jpg	, neither the wings expanded or enlarged nor the 
images/000022312.jpg	 are not taken into account. These different i
images/000022313.jpg	to the river and wasted all the bags of 
images/000022314.jpg	athers together to celebrate holidays and e
images/000022315.jpg	forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home 
images/000022316.jpg	 comfortable and were very stony. He could no
images/000022317.jpg	 problems.There are many examples that d
images/000022318.jpg	ch president of the galaxy; Trillian (for
images/000022319.jpg	to the water. But instead of the load becom
images/000022320.jpg	 exam, I will show my paper to my parents, they 
images/000022321.jpg	wever, no matter how hard he tried, he cou
images/000022322.jpg	In a word, families offer children warmth,
images/000022323.jpg	shaping children's personality. Friends are the c
images/000022324.jpg	es, the fox had eaten so much food that he became
images/000022325.jpg	 just crawled around with withered wings and 
images/000022326.jpg	sed and the boy was able to pull out most 
images/000022327.jpg	d or enlarged nor the swollen body reduced.Un
images/000022328.jpg	e saw there were a lot of food, bread, meat 
images/000022329.jpg	an also help accumulate and enlarge your vo
images/000022330.jpg	 sincerely and frankly.Who Influences Young 
images/000022331.jpg	utterfly. He got a pair of scissors and tw
images/000022332.jpg	cting with friends one can get into the society a
images/000022333.jpg	xplained, “brings presents and toys to human
images/000022334.jpg	for solving the problem. As long as both sides ke
images/000022335.jpg	e before jumping into the hole.”Computers a
images/000022336.jpg	It has scars all over! You can stab a man w
images/000022337.jpg	d upset. He told himself, “I wish that I had th
images/000022338.jpg	his words. His bad temper made him fall for a
images/000022339.jpg	 opening. Unfortunately, even after continuous
images/000022340.jpg	_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been aroun
images/000022341.jpg	sed due to his bad temper. The boy used t
images/000022342.jpg	e same.  The father appreciated him and 
images/000022343.jpg	es. One of the young monkeys thought it was fi
images/000022344.jpg	eatening emergency, humanism can be as impor
images/000022345.jpg	e market in order to sell them. The merchan
images/000022346.jpg	 huge body. It was never able to fly all thr
images/000022347.jpg	cocoon. He was watching the butterfly struggling 
images/000022348.jpg	 through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even a
images/000022349.jpg	uman needs and seeks rational ways of solv
images/000022350.jpg	ickly. Further more, it gives us insights int
images/000022351.jpg	very time he became angry and to lose his t
images/000022352.jpg	him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you see the
images/000022353.jpg	several generations gathering around the tel
images/000022354.jpg	ird clothes. Young people either turn a deaf 
images/000022355.jpg	His bad temper made him fall for angry words. He 
images/000022356.jpg	red a nail. In the next few days, the number of
images/000022357.jpg	 was two days before Christmas. Harry, Corne
images/000022358.jpg	essential quality for successful English l
images/000022359.jpg	colourful butterfly comes from an unappea
images/000022360.jpg	 he opened the package, he saw there were a l
images/000022361.jpg	importance and pilgrim centres at distant places
images/000022362.jpg	elf. One day, my parents tell me that they don’t 
images/000022363.jpg	the next few days, the number of nails h
images/000022364.jpg	nce. Again, you cannot pull out a few nails.
images/000022365.jpg	n to understand their children and keep the
images/000022366.jpg	may not be in favor of their children's 
images/000022367.jpg	ught that he had to change this for the 
images/000022368.jpg	ess of the people.His ministers were stunned 
images/000022369.jpg	fe of thousands of cows to get the sufficient
images/000022370.jpg	old the boy, “The nails were your bad temper
images/000022371.jpg	effort from the butterfly to come out of
images/000022372.jpg	s speaking English better than you. Participat
images/000022373.jpg	les of human goodness can remind us of the mea
images/000022374.jpg	uld destroy the life of thousands of cows to 
images/000022375.jpg	many people can afford their own personal comput
images/000022376.jpg	people. You can remove the nails but still se
images/000022377.jpg	s much time, commitment and discipline to l
images/000022378.jpg	or several hours. He spent almost more tha
images/000022379.jpg	through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, 
images/000022380.jpg	 friends one can get into the society and b
images/000022381.jpg	 son to hammer one nail to the fence every ti
images/000022382.jpg	mportant part in shaping children's personality.
images/000022383.jpg	se who grow up in happy families tend to
images/000022384.jpg	mputers are playing a more and more important 
images/000022385.jpg	e these pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? For
images/000022386.jpg	 competition, the price has been marked dow
images/000022387.jpg	as scars all over! You can stab a man wi
images/000022388.jpg	or solving the problem. As long as both 
images/000022389.jpg	 his ministers that the roads weren’t comfort
images/000022390.jpg	hus, the body would become lighter and smaller a
images/000022391.jpg	 are the connections between children and 
images/000022392.jpg	ter, it became heavier.Cocoon and the Butter
images/000022393.jpg	tem of beliefs that focuses on common human nee
images/000022394.jpg	ren. Chinese families tend to socialize togethe
images/000022395.jpg	p at a cocktail party once upon a time zo
images/000022396.jpg	re he loaded his donkey with more bags of s
images/000022397.jpg	. He put it under a dry leaf and started blowing 
images/000022398.jpg	for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked o
images/000022399.jpg	y fell into the river and wasted all the 
images/000022400.jpg	e very happy. He jumped into the hole and w
images/000022401.jpg	our minds open to better ways of seeing things. C
images/000022402.jpg	don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never see
images/000022403.jpg	 had finished eating, he felt thirsty and
images/000022404.jpg	n with their king and they were proud that th
images/000022405.jpg	ould do, except return home where he loaded his 
images/000022406.jpg	 than ten times up, indicating computers are pla
images/000022407.jpg	erchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring mornin
images/000022408.jpg	nearby cave.The Hungry Fox who got Caught in the
images/000022409.jpg	s in the forest. He was going to eat it for his l
images/000022410.jpg	 was very hungry. No matter how hard he tried,
images/000022411.jpg	ow deliberately, the donkey fell into the river a
images/000022412.jpg	the river he again fell into the water. But 
images/000022413.jpg	leather and it would cost a huge amount of money 
images/000022414.jpg	unt others with his words. His bad temper mad
images/000022415.jpg	he same cloth. Parents may not be in favor of
images/000022416.jpg	Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex
images/000022417.jpg	is part of the forest for many years. I gues
images/000022418.jpg	s are the connections between children and t
images/000022419.jpg	to stay with her for several days.Last I will hel
images/000022420.jpg	eautiful and colourful butterfly comes from an u
images/000022421.jpg	 in the Tree TrunkOnce upon a time, there was a
images/000022422.jpg	o to school. Except for taking care of me
images/000022423.jpg	to eat. He was very hungry. No matter how
images/000022424.jpg	The boy used to get angry very soon and 
images/000022425.jpg	one should get access to a lot of readin
images/000022426.jpg	troy the life of thousands of cows to get
images/000022427.jpg	an you. Participate in all oral activities. T
images/000022428.jpg	Now, his father told him to remove the nail
images/000022429.jpg	es are not taken into account. These dif
images/000022430.jpg	ose who grow up in happy families tend to ha
images/000022431.jpg	ith her for several days.Last I will help my mo
images/000022432.jpg	as fire.He caught a firefly. He put it u
images/000022433.jpg	I like playing soccer.During the summer holi
images/000022434.jpg	gether. They had not walked far when they reached
images/000022435.jpg	r a pair of leather shoes for him and re
images/000022436.jpg	w why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much fo
images/000022437.jpg	gh space aided by a galaxyful of fellow tr
images/000022438.jpg	emained a few nails that the boy could not pull o
images/000022439.jpg	he road with leather? Rather, you can just
images/000022440.jpg	nd keep the lines of communications with th
images/000022441.jpg	. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten 
images/000022442.jpg	ould learn to understand their children and keep
images/000022443.jpg	ng cocoon. The butterfly emerged without an
images/000022444.jpg	ciety, computers are now widely applied i
images/000022445.jpg	rchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring 
images/000022446.jpg	rop in on friends and relatives without pr
images/000022447.jpg	entres at distant places. He decided to tra
images/000022448.jpg	ays.Last I will help my mother do some housewo
images/000022449.jpg	s decided to help the butterfly. He got a pai
images/000022450.jpg	The continuous effort from the butterfly to
images/000022451.jpg	ed to walk along those roads as it would be pa
images/000022452.jpg	 tend to have many pleasant characters. If we s
images/000022453.jpg	other is friends.After one was born, the first 
images/000022454.jpg	 spend a lot of time around butterflies. He 
images/000022455.jpg	h their king and they were proud that their kin
images/000022456.jpg	ed, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-t
images/000022457.jpg	ing English better than you. Participate in 
images/000022458.jpg	me that they don’t care how I do well in the exam
images/000022459.jpg	 to pull out most of the nails from the fence.
images/000022460.jpg	ows. Occasional examples of human goodne
images/000022461.jpg	 of the little boy were very depressed due to hi
images/000022462.jpg	that many people can afford their own perso
images/000022463.jpg	 number of nails hammered to the fence was red
images/000022464.jpg	sted all the bags of salt on its back again
images/000022465.jpg	 was very hungry. No matter how hard he tried
images/000022466.jpg	much time, commitment and discipline to learn Eng
images/000022467.jpg	wo-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and to
images/000022468.jpg	erful combination of colours. In fact, he used
images/000022469.jpg	are respectively more than in other countries' 
images/000022470.jpg	 practice more to improve my skills.Second 
images/000022471.jpg	 people who used to walk along those roads as it 
images/000022472.jpg	 usage. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, 
images/000022473.jpg	t. The monkeys were sitting on the same tree. S
images/000022474.jpg	see his fellow people leading a propitious life
images/000022475.jpg	ed to leave the trunk and drink some wate
images/000022476.jpg	The number climbs more than ten times up, i
images/000022477.jpg	manistic behavior. In the event of a life-threat
images/000022478.jpg	o well in the exam, I will show my paper t
images/000022479.jpg	hardship. Don't be intimidated even though y
images/000022480.jpg	He caught a firefly. He put it under a dry lea
images/000022481.jpg	 his donkey were walking along together. They h
images/000022482.jpg	laced the food in the tree trunk while he c
images/000022483.jpg	ost all the students need English and they ne
images/000022484.jpg	 presents and toys to human children at Chris
images/000022485.jpg	ched there for food. Suddenly he caught sight 
images/000022486.jpg	nging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The
images/000022487.jpg	nd seeks rational ways of solving human p
images/000022488.jpg	ell. In order to improve the ability of Eng
images/000022489.jpg	trees in the forest. He was going to eat 
images/000022490.jpg	ul butterflies! The continuous effort from the 
images/000022491.jpg	ravel by foot to interact with his people a
images/000022492.jpg	er and wasted all the bags of salt on its back a
images/000022493.jpg	fortunately, the donkey slipped and fell 
images/000022494.jpg	 the fox had eaten so much food that he became to
images/000022495.jpg	m plays an important role in the maintenan
images/000022496.jpg	l by foot to interact with his people and accomp
images/000022497.jpg	 nail to the fence every time he became ang
images/000022498.jpg	, children live with their parents even after t
images/000022499.jpg	ee me do well in the exam. I want to be happy a
images/000022500.jpg	e families are hospitable. The family gathe
images/000022501.jpg	ir voices are not taken into account. Thes
images/000022502.jpg	es the butterfly would have emerged like any ot
images/000022503.jpg	s. He spent almost more than 10 hours with the 
images/000022504.jpg	when no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did n
images/000022505.jpg	n drop in on friends and relatives withou
images/000022506.jpg	 physical abuse! Use words for good. Use 
images/000022507.jpg	very much.I want to stay with her for severa
images/000022508.jpg	ry depressed due to his bad temper. The boy us
images/000022509.jpg	d let the fluid stored in the body convert i
images/000022510.jpg	ere were a lot of food, bread, meat and fr
images/000022511.jpg	. The boy used to get angry very soon and tau
images/000022512.jpg	 a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit in
images/000022513.jpg	as he walked all the way through the rough
images/000022514.jpg	a person's growth. One is family, and the other
images/000022515.jpg	 with several generations gathering around th
images/000022516.jpg	ause I miss her very much.I want to stay 
images/000022517.jpg	ur tried to pick up at a cocktail party once 
images/000022518.jpg	 other cultures and keeps our minds open
images/000022519.jpg	ons why generation gap comes into being. Some t
images/000022520.jpg	 problems with each other actively, sinc
images/000022521.jpg	d not tolerate the pain as he walked all t
images/000022522.jpg	he civilized world humanism plays an important r
images/000022523.jpg	as it would be painful for them too!He 
images/000022524.jpg	 the butterfly struggling to break the shel
images/000022525.jpg	ght. The weather was freezing. A group of monke
images/000022526.jpg	laces of historical importance and pilgr
images/000022527.jpg	ty and decided to leave the trunk and dr
images/000022528.jpg	y. I know I should relax myself and be happy.A
images/000022529.jpg	 Occasional examples of human goodness can re
images/000022530.jpg	haping children's character. As parents, they sho
images/000022531.jpg	t and his DonkeyShort Stories - A Merchant an
images/000022532.jpg	g. It meant that the butterfly was trying to m
images/000022533.jpg	 better. Humanism makes the world a more 
images/000022534.jpg	manism calls for us to pay closer attention t
images/000022535.jpg	iety, so by contacting with friends one can 
images/000022536.jpg	went to the edge of the forest and searched t
images/000022537.jpg	ce of our society. Humanism calls for us to
images/000022538.jpg	tinuous attempts for several hours, there was 
images/000022539.jpg	 Humanism calls for us to pay closer attention to
images/000022540.jpg	was very sad and upset. He told himself, “I wis
images/000022541.jpg	school. Except for taking care of me, she 
images/000022542.jpg	. It was never able to fly all through its lif
images/000022543.jpg	depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former gra
images/000022544.jpg	e also has to work. Therefore, I want to hel
images/000022545.jpg	re playing a more and more important role i
images/000022546.jpg	he people who used to walk along those roads as 
images/000022547.jpg	let the fluid stored in the body convert i
images/000022548.jpg	could see his fellow people leading a propitious 
images/000022549.jpg	asn’t been around this part of the forest f
images/000022550.jpg	w they realized what the sparrow had sai
images/000022551.jpg	e doesn’t know much about our winters.”
images/000022552.jpg	fter the fox had finished eating, he felt thi
images/000022553.jpg	 in appropriate shape to cover your feet
images/000022554.jpg	Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne bea
images/000022555.jpg	 to improve the ability of English readi
images/000022556.jpg	lent night. The weather was freezing. A group of 
images/000022557.jpg	ty. Each member of the family contributes 
images/000022558.jpg	to the fence and hammered a nail. In the ne
images/000022559.jpg	ad of the whole country with leather so tha
images/000022560.jpg	ters that the roads weren’t comfortable and were
images/000022561.jpg	turned to the palace. He was quite happy that
images/000022562.jpg	ole in the fence!’He told the boy, “The nails 
images/000022563.jpg	 crawled around with withered wings and hug
images/000022564.jpg	he whole idea. Let’s go home now before you ca
images/000022565.jpg	as reduced and the day arrived when no nail wa
images/000022566.jpg	 became very tired. Now they realized wha
images/000022567.jpg	s, there was no progress. It seemed that th
images/000022568.jpg	uld do, except return home where he loaded his
images/000022569.jpg	ful butterflies! The continuous effort from 
images/000022570.jpg	ngs. Thus, the body would become lighter and 
images/000022571.jpg	ination of colours. In fact, he used to spen
images/000022572.jpg	 respectively more than in other countries' famil
images/000022573.jpg	d world humanism plays an important role 
images/000022574.jpg	ul combination of colours. In fact, he use
images/000022575.jpg	he body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expand
images/000022576.jpg	hat the roads weren’t comfortable and were very
images/000022577.jpg	r's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last fifte
images/000022578.jpg	in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few n
images/000022579.jpg	English learning. It requires much time, 
images/000022580.jpg	 of.People have different opinions on th
images/000022581.jpg	d, brilliant, and chronically depressed rob
images/000022582.jpg	d with the disappearance of all the ballpoint p
images/000022583.jpg	s growth. There are two apparent factors which a
images/000022584.jpg	terfly would struggle to transform from an 
images/000022585.jpg	ry fox that was looking for something to ea
images/000022586.jpg	noid, brilliant, and chronically depressed robot
images/000022587.jpg	e lighter.There was nothing the merchant coul
images/000022588.jpg	ght a little before jumping into the hol
images/000022589.jpg	 very stony. He could not tolerate the pain
images/000022590.jpg	 come out of the cocoon without any more struggl
images/000022591.jpg	lways friendly, welcoming, and generous to visito
images/000022592.jpg	 it was his first trip by foot to longer di
images/000022593.jpg	 thousands of cows to get the sufficient quan
images/000022594.jpg	utterfly would have emerged like any other 
images/000022595.jpg	e in face of hardship. Don't be intimidated even
images/000022596.jpg	a life-threatening emergency, humanism c
images/000022597.jpg	han you. Participate in all oral activities. Th
images/000022598.jpg	even his friends due to anger. He invited 
images/000022599.jpg	ation gap exists in our daily life, whethe
images/000022600.jpg	e forever. Your bad temper and anger were like t
images/000022601.jpg	y for successful English learning is persev
images/000022602.jpg	 who got Caught in the Tree TrunkOnce upon
images/000022603.jpg	ires much time, commitment and discipline to le
images/000022604.jpg	30 times on the first day! Every time he lost
images/000022605.jpg	Gradually, the number of nails hammered to t
images/000022606.jpg	 accompany them. People of distant place
images/000022607.jpg	happy to see me do well in the exam. I wa
images/000022608.jpg	thing in the world is difficult for one who se
images/000022609.jpg	 no matter how hard he tried, he could not get o
images/000022610.jpg	t to practice more to improve my skills.Sec
images/000022611.jpg	e fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty and 
images/000022612.jpg	 body would become lighter and smaller and th
images/000022613.jpg	autiful spring morning, a merchant loaded his 
images/000022614.jpg	 and had a craze for its wonderful combination
images/000022615.jpg	party once upon a time zone; Marvin, a par
images/000022616.jpg	oy its world. He decided to sit over and wat
images/000022617.jpg	istorical importance and pilgrim centres a
images/000022618.jpg	ving, friends make another important part in s
images/000022619.jpg	o our fellows. Occasional examples of hum
images/000022620.jpg	m open, at the same time they must keep in mind
images/000022621.jpg	re Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and 
images/000022622.jpg	tunned to hear his order as it would des
images/000022623.jpg	o happy to see me do well in the exam. I wan
images/000022624.jpg	 was watching the butterfly struggling to
images/000022625.jpg	 did not hammer any nail and he did not lose h
images/000022626.jpg	 time. But I have put so much pressure on myself
images/000022627.jpg	he betterment and happiness of the people.His mi
images/000022628.jpg	king asked - what was his alternative idea. The m
images/000022629.jpg	around butterflies. He knew how a butter
images/000022630.jpg	ry much.I want to stay with her for seve
images/000022631.jpg	rn life.What has led to this phenomenon? As fa
images/000022632.jpg	people's ideas are not cut from the same cloth
images/000022633.jpg	 flying to its nest. The monkeys were sitting 
images/000022634.jpg	e caught sight of a big tree with a hole in it.
images/000022635.jpg	ention, only going through the struggles the butt
images/000022636.jpg	riend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cockta
images/000022637.jpg	ink all of you should take shelter in a c
images/000022638.jpg	orn, the first surroundings is the family i
images/000022639.jpg	he Right Son at the Right Time". The soldier e
images/000022640.jpg	’t been around this part of the forest f
images/000022641.jpg	l for angry words. He scolded kids, neighbours an
images/000022642.jpg	p. Don't be intimidated even though you f
images/000022643.jpg	re not taken into account. These different ideas 
images/000022644.jpg	nsform from an ugly caterpillar into a beautiful 
images/000022645.jpg	ime. Both sides should talk over their pro
images/000022646.jpg	ly. He got a pair of scissors and tweake
images/000022647.jpg	 between children and the society, so by cont
images/000022648.jpg	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for th
images/000022649.jpg	rld a more beautiful place to live in.
images/000022650.jpg	need it to read English textbooks or jonrnals 
images/000022651.jpg	ormer graduate student obsessed with the d
images/000022652.jpg	disturb both of them. Most of the things t
images/000022653.jpg	 all the answers, stick your thumb to the stars!
images/000022654.jpg	travel by foot to interact with his people 
images/000022655.jpg	oy were very depressed due to his bad te
images/000022656.jpg	linging to its branches. One of the monkeys said
images/000022657.jpg	The fox was very sad and upset. He told him
images/000022658.jpg	 space aided by a galaxyful of fellow tr
images/000022659.jpg	on at the Right Time". The soldier exten
images/000022660.jpg	arrow came flying to its nest. The monkeys w
images/000022661.jpg	The king was very much surprised by his sugges
images/000022662.jpg	He thought that at any time, the butterfly mig
images/000022663.jpg	talk to English-speakers, attend seminars, wri
images/000022664.jpg	at the butterfly tried its best and could not g
images/000022665.jpg	 as it is, so they are the dearest parts in one
images/000022666.jpg	s, shrink the body and the wings could support th
images/000022667.jpg	at they were doing. The sparrow laughed. 
images/000022668.jpg	m an unappealing worm! Here is the story of a bu
images/000022669.jpg	eaking English better than you. Participate
images/000022670.jpg	ening for the butterfly and removed the rema
images/000022671.jpg	d, “brings presents and toys to human childr
images/000022672.jpg	zed world humanism plays an important role in t
images/000022673.jpg	or different purposes. Some students need it 
images/000022674.jpg	time the monkeys became very tired. Now the
images/000022675.jpg	lping hand to the old man in time of need
images/000022676.jpg	wonderful combination of colours. In fact, he us
images/000022677.jpg	merchant could do, except return home where 
images/000022678.jpg	ch other's outlooks on the world, the gap be
images/000022679.jpg	et the sufficient quantity of leather and it
images/000022680.jpg	families tend to have many pleasant charac
images/000022681.jpg	int pens he's bought over the years.Where ar
images/000022682.jpg	 me, she also has to work. Therefore, I wa
images/000022683.jpg	English learning is perseverance in face o
images/000022684.jpg	 Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I 
images/000022685.jpg	 for angry words. He scolded kids, neighb
images/000022686.jpg	or 30 times on the first day! Every time he 
images/000022687.jpg	actual medical treatment.In the civilized world
images/000022688.jpg	re more painful than physical abuse! Use words fo
images/000022689.jpg	thur tried to pick up at a cocktail party onc
images/000022690.jpg	.I want to stay with her for several days.La
images/000022691.jpg	nvolves several reasons. With the rapid pr
images/000022692.jpg	sh textbooks or jonrnals and attend English l
images/000022693.jpg	em. People of distant places were so happy
images/000022694.jpg	and had a craze for its wonderful combination
images/000022695.jpg	r one nail to the fence every time he became ang
images/000022696.jpg	derstand their children and keep the lines 
images/000022697.jpg	m is a system of beliefs that focuses on common
images/000022698.jpg	that their king was so kind with a good hear
images/000022699.jpg	nd noticed that the bags of salt loaded on his 
images/000022700.jpg	cocoon. He loved butterflies and had a craze fo
images/000022701.jpg	o progress. It seemed that the butterfly tri
images/000022702.jpg	ow much about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus,
images/000022703.jpg	her? Rather, you can just have a piece o
images/000022704.jpg	e jumped into the hole and when he opened the p
images/000022705.jpg	omething to eat. He was very hungry. No m
images/000022706.jpg	ou see. Santa Claus is only for human ch
images/000022707.jpg	ering around the television in the eveni
images/000022708.jpg	 the decline of cost and the fierce mark
images/000022709.jpg	l examples of human goodness can remind u
images/000022710.jpg	sted the countrymen to wear shoes. FoolsIt w
images/000022711.jpg	y, humanism can be as important as actual med
images/000022712.jpg	g new. Their voices are not taken into account
images/000022713.jpg	nsible for solving the problem. As long as
images/000022714.jpg	eird clothes. Young people either turn a dea
images/000022715.jpg	rfly comes from an unappealing worm! Her
images/000022716.jpg	e of me, she also has to work. Therefore, I 
images/000022717.jpg	food that he became too big to fit through the 
images/000022718.jpg	e to accept anything new. Their voices are not ta
images/000022719.jpg	way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent 
images/000022720.jpg	the reasons why generation gap comes into
images/000022721.jpg	ole country with leather so that people 
images/000022722.jpg	tless factors may influence a person's grow
images/000022723.jpg	eople spend on computers per week, ranging from 
images/000022724.jpg	 young monkeys thought it was fire.He cau
images/000022725.jpg	 to English-speakers, attend seminars, wri
images/000022726.jpg	ween children and the society, so by contact
images/000022727.jpg	iver he again fell into the water. But instead 
images/000022728.jpg	 part in shaping children's personality. Fr
images/000022729.jpg	ry stony. He could not tolerate the pain 
images/000022730.jpg	nvolves several reasons. With the rapid 
images/000022731.jpg	ather, you can just have a piece of leather cut
images/000022732.jpg	hat people might feel comfortable, immediately.
images/000022733.jpg	 Prefect, a researcher for the revised editi
images/000022734.jpg	ecline of cost and the fierce market com
images/000022735.jpg	utterfly comes from an unappealing worm!
images/000022736.jpg	d he tried, the fox could not find food. 
images/000022737.jpg	ived with his father and mother. He was the onl
images/000022738.jpg	le of distant places were so happy to have
images/000022739.jpg	nd they need it for different purposes. Some st
images/000022740.jpg	 the wound will remain there forever. Your bad te
images/000022741.jpg	aught sight of a big tree with a hole in 
images/000022742.jpg	will be. Nothing in the world is difficult for 
images/000022743.jpg	oaded his donkey with bags of salt to go to
images/000022744.jpg	exam, I will show my paper to my parents, they 
images/000022745.jpg	 pointing to the hole, ‘What do you see the
images/000022746.jpg	family in which he will grow up. Parents are chi
images/000022747.jpg	ated even though you find others speaking En
images/000022748.jpg	butterfly would come out of the cocoon. He 
images/000022749.jpg	lies. He knew how a butterfly would strug
images/000022750.jpg	ighbours and even his friends due to anger. H
images/000022751.jpg	w people leading a propitious life. Howe
images/000022752.jpg	places of historical importance and pilgri
images/000022753.jpg	ipline to learn English well. In order to
images/000022754.jpg	 it would destroy the life of thousands of cow
images/000022755.jpg	 spring. However, no matter how hard he 
images/000022756.jpg	ts need English and they need it for different 
images/000022757.jpg	 sell them. The merchant and his donkey were
images/000022758.jpg	need it to read English textbooks or jonr
images/000022759.jpg	.“Santa Claus,” I explained, “brings prese
images/000022760.jpg	ith her for several days.Last I will hel
images/000022761.jpg	earning. It requires much time, commitment a
images/000022762.jpg	man, who had a passion and love for butterflies
images/000022763.jpg	will help my mother do some housework. She was
images/000022764.jpg	l,” I said, “he hasn’t been around this part 
images/000022765.jpg	eave the trunk and drink some water from a nearb
images/000022766.jpg	d see his fellow people leading a propitious li
images/000022767.jpg	my parents, they are so happy to see me d
images/000022768.jpg	dren's first teachers, so family does play an i
images/000022769.jpg	 in order to sell them. The merchant and h
images/000022770.jpg	things. Computers largely broaden our vision.How
images/000022771.jpg	ng. It meant that the butterfly was trying 
images/000022772.jpg	helter in a cave”. The monkeys did not listen 
images/000022773.jpg	of the family contributes to household d
images/000022774.jpg	d a helping hand to the old man in time of need
images/000022775.jpg	t characters. If we say that families offer
images/000022776.jpg	lems.There are many examples that demonstrate
images/000022777.jpg	erfly and removed the remaining cocoon. The butt
images/000022778.jpg	ut through the tiny opening. Unfortunatel
images/000022779.jpg	e society, computers are now widely applied in
images/000022780.jpg	d I will go to my grandma's house,because I mi
images/000022781.jpg	 in the world is difficult for one who sets his 
images/000022782.jpg	Use them to embrace the relationships. Use them t
images/000022783.jpg	mportance of HumanismHumanism is a system of 
images/000022784.jpg	In China, children live with their parent
images/000022785.jpg	rstand their children and keep the lines of
images/000022786.jpg	t he had to change this for the betterment and h
images/000022787.jpg	ver the years.Where are these pens? Why ar
images/000022788.jpg	us do things more quickly. Further more, it g
images/000022789.jpg	 you. Participate in all oral activities. Th
images/000022790.jpg	ed to pick up at a cocktail party once upo
images/000022791.jpg	reat deal. There is a drastic increase of the h
images/000022792.jpg	ather consoled him in many ways to give u
images/000022793.jpg	e say that families offer the environment o
images/000022794.jpg	 lighter and smaller and the wings would be beau
images/000022795.jpg	s to pay closer attention to our fellows. Occ
images/000022796.jpg	d off the planet by his friend Ford Prefect,
images/000022797.jpg	life of thousands of cows to get the suffici
images/000022798.jpg	l into the river and wasted all the bags 
images/000022799.jpg	rs that the roads weren’t comfortable and we
images/000022800.jpg	ud that their king was so kind with a go
images/000022801.jpg	aid, “I wish we could find some fire. It will
images/000022802.jpg	efore Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty
images/000022803.jpg	 conversation with their king and they were p
images/000022804.jpg	 his friends due to anger. He invited all wor
images/000022805.jpg	 out for the better. Humanism makes the world 
images/000022806.jpg	into the hole and when he opened the packa
images/000022807.jpg	ent generations. Those who grow up in happ
images/000022808.jpg	English textbooks or jonrnals and attend English 
images/000022809.jpg	er as it would destroy the life of thousands of
images/000022810.jpg	 the day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet, 
images/000022811.jpg	 trunk while he cut down trees in the for
images/000022812.jpg	any people can afford their own personal c
images/000022813.jpg	tching the butterfly struggling to break the shel
images/000022814.jpg	o spend a lot of time around butterflies. 
images/000022815.jpg	myself and be happy.A Hole in the Fence
images/000022816.jpg	aracters. If we say that families offer t
images/000022817.jpg	e butterfly and removed the remaining cocoon. The
images/000022818.jpg	ng materials, which can also help accumul
images/000022819.jpg	's growth. There are two apparent factors w
images/000022820.jpg	ce of wealth and no misfortunes.The king decided
images/000022821.jpg	l English LearnerAlmost all the students need 
images/000022822.jpg	hat at any time, the butterfly might expan
images/000022823.jpg	rfly struggling to break the shell for several h
images/000022824.jpg	that they don’t care how I do well in the
images/000022825.jpg	has led to this phenomenon? As far as I k
images/000022826.jpg	they had a very prosperous life with abundance o
images/000022827.jpg	ery happy. He jumped into the hole and when he op
images/000022828.jpg	 be happy. I know I should relax myself an
images/000022829.jpg	a cold and silent night. The weather was freez
images/000022830.jpg	ld his father about the same.  The father app
images/000022831.jpg	to the king and said that he had another i
images/000022832.jpg	y through space aided by a galaxyful of fellow tr
images/000022833.jpg	 scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make lar
images/000022834.jpg	same tree. She noticed what they were doing. 
images/000022835.jpg	ppy that he visited many pilgrim centres and 
images/000022836.jpg	. He continued to watch the butterfly and he was
images/000022837.jpg	 had intolerable pain in his feet as it was hi
images/000022838.jpg	 opened the package, he saw there were a lo
images/000022839.jpg	rk. She was really tired when I was go to school
images/000022840.jpg	e fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty and d
images/000022841.jpg	' family. In China, children live with th
images/000022842.jpg	hese different ideas disturb both of them. Mos
images/000022843.jpg	wollen body with small and withered wings.The ma
images/000022844.jpg	nfortunately, the butterfly looked no longer beau
images/000022845.jpg	household consisting of three generations is com
images/000022846.jpg	th his little niece Emily and introduced
images/000022847.jpg	re proud that their king was so kind with a good
images/000022848.jpg	e had to change this for the betterment and happi
images/000022849.jpg	 happy.A Hole in the FenceIn a small village
images/000022850.jpg	rs and tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening 
images/000022851.jpg	into wings. Thus, the body would become l
images/000022852.jpg	 in the Tree TrunkOnce upon a time, there was a
images/000022853.jpg	ould have some ideal qualities to succee
images/000022854.jpg	ld take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys 
images/000022855.jpg	oth generations should be responsible for solvi
images/000022856.jpg	my mother do some housework. She was really t
images/000022857.jpg	 the river he again fell into the water. But inst
images/000022858.jpg	Unfortunately, neither the wings expanded or enl
images/000022859.jpg	feet?’The king was very much surprised 
images/000022860.jpg	 our fellows with respect and tolerance, many th
images/000022861.jpg	rsation with their king and they were pro
images/000022862.jpg	e in anger, his friends and neighbours avoided h
images/000022863.jpg	nt to the edge of the forest and searche
images/000022864.jpg	 king was very much surprised by his suggesti
images/000022865.jpg	te humanism. The spirit of humanism is app
images/000022866.jpg	he pain as he walked all the way through the rou
images/000022867.jpg	o sit over and watch how the butterfly would co
images/000022868.jpg	 is a system of beliefs that focuses on common hu
images/000022869.jpg	t be food in it, and he became very happy. H
images/000022870.jpg	Once upon a time, there was a hungry fox t
images/000022871.jpg	ere for food. Suddenly he caught sight of 
images/000022872.jpg	ion in the evening.The Importance of Humanism
images/000022873.jpg	d and fell into the river and noticed that th
images/000022874.jpg	food. Finally he went to the edge of the forest
images/000022875.jpg	fly was trying to make its way to enjoy its 
images/000022876.jpg	ess he is too busy visiting all the huma
images/000022877.jpg	e children's first teachers, so family does 
images/000022878.jpg	ces. He decided to travel by foot to interact wi
images/000022879.jpg	Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in t
images/000022880.jpg	ng from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The 
images/000022881.jpg	, many things may turn out for the better. Hu
images/000022882.jpg	ered to the fence was reduced and the day arr
images/000022883.jpg	his mind on it.Views on Generation GapGenerat
images/000022884.jpg	ly was trying to make its way to enjoy i
images/000022885.jpg	terflies! The continuous effort from the butt
images/000022886.jpg	sed edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the G
images/000022887.jpg	grow up in happy families tend to have man
images/000022888.jpg	ading materials, which can also help accumulate
images/000022889.jpg	ars all over! You can stab a man with a kni
images/000022890.jpg	od that he became too big to fit through the 
images/000022891.jpg	ate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel emba
images/000022892.jpg	he gap between them will be narrowed down in time
images/000022893.jpg	g, a merchant loaded his donkey with bags of salt
images/000022894.jpg	ming, and generous to visitors who can dr
images/000022895.jpg	that it was several days that he did not h
images/000022896.jpg	ole in the fence!’He told the boy, “The nai
images/000022897.jpg	ir harmony and unity. Each member of the fami
images/000022898.jpg	generations gathering around the televis
images/000022899.jpg	ckage. The hungry fox immediately thought t
images/000022900.jpg	ed the minister. He ordered for a pair of leather
images/000022901.jpg	l out most of the nails from the fence. However
images/000022902.jpg	ore jumping into the hole.”Computers an
images/000022903.jpg	st and the fierce market competition, the price h
images/000022904.jpg	 he went to the edge of the forest and searched t
images/000022905.jpg	 for the better. Humanism makes the world a 
images/000022906.jpg	r human children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forge
images/000022907.jpg	t free the firefly and moved to a nearby
images/000022908.jpg	turn home where he loaded his donkey with mor
images/000022909.jpg	y happy as they had a very prosperous life with
images/000022910.jpg	u see there?’The boy replied, ‘a hole in the f
images/000022911.jpg	f the load becoming lighter, it became he
images/000022912.jpg	 a man with a knife, but the wound will remain 
images/000022913.jpg	ncrease of the hours that people spend on com
images/000022914.jpg	due to his bad temper. The boy used to ge
images/000022915.jpg	 of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, 
images/000022916.jpg	y were clinging to its branches. One of 
images/000022917.jpg	fortable, immediately.The king thought 
images/000022918.jpg	f us know that a beautiful and colourful butter
images/000022919.jpg	of the forest and searched there for food. Sudde
images/000022920.jpg	he computer is a wonderful machine. Today it is
images/000022921.jpg	sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkey
images/000022922.jpg	what was his alternative idea. The minist
images/000022923.jpg	actions were the example of humanistic behavior
images/000022924.jpg	ch how the butterfly would come out of the
images/000022925.jpg	ly also didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who 
images/000022926.jpg	into a beautiful one.He saw a cocoon with tiny 
images/000022927.jpg	 his parents through the verbal usage. While
images/000022928.jpg	his lunch.The fox happily began to eat. After 
images/000022929.jpg	ll be narrowed down in time. Both sides 
images/000022930.jpg	al children?” Emily asked.Short Stories 
images/000022931.jpg	y a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beebl
images/000022932.jpg	thered wings and huge body. It was never abl
images/000022933.jpg	 were sitting on the same tree. She noticed
images/000022934.jpg	they were proud that their king was so kin
images/000022935.jpg	several weeks, he returned to the palace. He was 
images/000022936.jpg	illy monkeys that is a firefly, not real f
images/000022937.jpg	tterfly just crawled around with withered
images/000022938.jpg	s keen on are disgusting to them.Both generati
images/000022939.jpg	c increase of the hours that people spend
images/000022940.jpg	brate holidays and entertain friends. The househo
images/000022941.jpg	be intimidated even though you find others speaki
images/000022942.jpg	m of beliefs that focuses on common human
images/000022943.jpg	e made an order to cover the road of the whole 
images/000022944.jpg	nging to its branches. One of the monkeys said
images/000022945.jpg	 of colours. In fact, he used to spend a lot of t
images/000022946.jpg	ts into other cultures and keeps our minds open
images/000022947.jpg	ter they get married. So a household consisting o
images/000022948.jpg	son's growth. One is family, and the other is
images/000022949.jpg	 the only son for them. The parents of t
images/000022950.jpg	's growth. There are two apparent factors wh
images/000022951.jpg	cating computers are playing a more and mor
images/000022952.jpg	treat our fellows with respect and tolerance, man
images/000022953.jpg	stunned to hear his order as it would destroy the
images/000022954.jpg	ons were the example of humanistic behavior
images/000022955.jpg	 the little boy were very depressed due to
images/000022956.jpg	package, he saw there were a lot of food, b
images/000022957.jpg	th the disappearance of all the ballpoint pens 
images/000022958.jpg	eal. There is a drastic increase of the hours
images/000022959.jpg	hole idea. Let’s go home now before you catc
images/000022960.jpg	nd he became very happy. He jumped into 
images/000022961.jpg	Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the cold air
images/000022962.jpg	of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make lar
images/000022963.jpg	gh the verbal usage. While he forgot what he 
images/000022964.jpg	lying to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on th
images/000022965.jpg	rstand the world as it is, so they are the deare
images/000022966.jpg	ad not walked far when they reached a rive
images/000022967.jpg	 tend to socialize together, with several 
images/000022968.jpg	People have different opinions on the reasons wh
images/000022969.jpg	in almost every field of our life. Meanwhile, tha
images/000022970.jpg	 a very prosperous life with abundance o
images/000022971.jpg	re more painful than physical abuse! Use words f
images/000022972.jpg	. These different ideas disturb both of them. Mo
images/000022973.jpg	e important role in modern life.What has led 
images/000022974.jpg	on for them. The parents of the little b
images/000022975.jpg	. He jumped into the hole and when he opened
images/000022976.jpg	re quickly. Further more, it gives us insights 
images/000022977.jpg	side the hole was a package. The hungry fo
images/000022978.jpg	n order to improve the ability of English read
images/000022979.jpg	, “I wish that I had thought a little before jump
images/000022980.jpg	ves us insights into other cultures and kee
images/000022981.jpg	ices are not taken into account. These dif
images/000022982.jpg	 Your bad temper and anger were like that! Words
images/000022983.jpg	free the firefly and moved to a nearby ca
images/000022984.jpg	demonstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism i
images/000022985.jpg	h can also help accumulate and enlarge your vo
images/000022986.jpg	 than ten times up, indicating computers a
images/000022987.jpg	g in the world is difficult for one who sets h
images/000022988.jpg	trying to make its way to enjoy its world. He 
images/000022989.jpg	 discovered the donkey’s trick. He then returned
images/000022990.jpg	to household duties, including the childr
images/000022991.jpg	et married. So a household consisting of 
images/000022992.jpg	 I have put so much pressure on myself. One da
images/000022993.jpg	headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally o
images/000022994.jpg	irstyle and weird clothes. Young people either tu
images/000022995.jpg	ing hand to the old man in time of need. The
images/000022996.jpg	ng things. Computers largely broaden our vision
images/000022997.jpg	a very prosperous life with abundance of wea
images/000022998.jpg	glish and they need it for different purposes.
images/000022999.jpg	is first trip by foot to longer distance. He co
images/000023000.jpg	ot taken into account. These different ideas dist
images/000023001.jpg	ed: “I think all of you should take shelter in
images/000023002.jpg	is alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why
images/000023003.jpg	 decided to go on a travel to visit places of his
images/000023004.jpg	eet as it was his first trip by foot to longer d
images/000023005.jpg	life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of c
images/000023006.jpg	 and his donkey were walking along together. T
images/000023007.jpg	unately, even after continuous attempts for se
images/000023008.jpg	t to stay with her for several days.Last 
images/000023009.jpg	 together to celebrate holidays and enter
images/000023010.jpg	lish learning is perseverance in face of hards
images/000023011.jpg	e, she also has to work. Therefore, I want t
images/000023012.jpg	o make way for a galactic freeway, Arthur
images/000023013.jpg	all village, a little boy lived with his 
images/000023014.jpg	never look the same! It has scars all over! 
images/000023015.jpg	urs with the cocoon and the butterfly. T
images/000023016.jpg	elp the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors and
images/000023017.jpg	th. One is family, and the other is frien
images/000023018.jpg	e; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chron
images/000023019.jpg	manism. The spirit of humanism is apparent
images/000023020.jpg	an also help accumulate and enlarge your vocabu
images/000023021.jpg	e. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eat
images/000023022.jpg	t for different purposes. Some students n
images/000023023.jpg	n time of need. The young man's actions were the 
images/000023024.jpg	ng for the butterfly and removed the remai
images/000023025.jpg	at! Words are more painful than physical abuse! 
images/000023026.jpg	mbrace the relationships. Use them to show your h
images/000023027.jpg	he family contributes to household duties, inclu
images/000023028.jpg	the lines of communications with them open, a
images/000023029.jpg	it was several days that he did not hammer an
images/000023030.jpg	 know, it involves several reasons. With the rap
images/000023031.jpg	 along together. They had not walked far 
images/000023032.jpg	tant role in the maintenance of our society
images/000023033.jpg	 a tree. They were clinging to its branches. One
images/000023034.jpg	against what the elders have been proud of
images/000023035.jpg	ssure on myself. One day, my parents tell 
images/000023036.jpg	en children and the society, so by contacting w
images/000023037.jpg	ays and entertain friends. The household 
images/000023038.jpg	all the human children to have much time left fo
images/000023039.jpg	temper made him fall for angry words. He scold
images/000023040.jpg	out most of the nails from the fence. However,
images/000023041.jpg	obot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate stud
images/000023042.jpg	ited many pilgrim centres and could see his fell
images/000023043.jpg	 a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based
images/000023044.jpg	enjoy its world. He decided to sit over and
images/000023045.jpg	ble for solving the problem. As long as both 
images/000023046.jpg	l. Except for taking care of me, she also h
images/000023047.jpg	 donkey fell into the river and wasted all 
images/000023048.jpg	it to talk to English-speakers, attend s
images/000023049.jpg	donkey fell into the river and wasted all 
images/000023050.jpg	nful than physical abuse! Use words for good. 
images/000023051.jpg	r society. Humanism calls for us to pay closer a
images/000023052.jpg	much worried about the people who used to walk al
images/000023053.jpg	y emerged without any struggle!Unfortunately,
images/000023054.jpg	 Cornelius, Monty and I were busy buildin
images/000023055.jpg	 nearby spring. However, no matter how hard h
images/000023056.jpg	g to eat it for his lunch.The fox happily began
images/000023057.jpg	earance of all the ballpoint pens he's boug
images/000023058.jpg	the nails and decided to control his temper.
images/000023059.jpg	 solving human problems.There are many example
images/000023060.jpg	ravel by foot to interact with his people an
images/000023061.jpg	e, it gives us insights into other cultu
images/000023062.jpg	behavior. In the event of a life-threatening em
images/000023063.jpg	e verbal usage. While he forgot what he 
images/000023064.jpg	y he went to the edge of the forest and 
images/000023065.jpg	d when I was go to school. Except for taking 
images/000023066.jpg	ifferent opinions on the reasons why generation
images/000023067.jpg	we could find some fire. It will help us to 
images/000023068.jpg	r to my parents, they are so happy to see me
images/000023069.jpg	re proud of their harmony and unity. Each m
images/000023070.jpg	one; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronical
images/000023071.jpg	 would destroy the life of thousands of c
images/000023072.jpg	he boy used to get angry very soon and t
images/000023073.jpg	ess. Unfortunately, all their attempts fai
images/000023074.jpg	ery much worried about the people who used 
images/000023075.jpg	eration gap, people's ideas are not cut f
images/000023076.jpg	nism is apparent in the story of "The Right Son
images/000023077.jpg	elter in a cave”. The monkeys did not listen to 
images/000023078.jpg	fter they get married. So a household con
images/000023079.jpg	river and noticed that the bags of salt loaded 
images/000023080.jpg	 bad temper and anger were like that! Words ar
images/000023081.jpg	her, this dynamic pair began a journey thro
images/000023082.jpg	an needs and seeks rational ways of solving huma
images/000023083.jpg	fferent generations. Those who grow up in ha
images/000023084.jpg	old and silent night. The weather was fre
images/000023085.jpg	appy that he made the butterfly come out of the c
images/000023086.jpg	erfly just crawled around with withered w
images/000023087.jpg	become sociable.In a word, families offer chi
images/000023088.jpg	s to the decline of cost and the fierce market 
images/000023089.jpg	utterfly. He got a pair of scissors and 
images/000023090.jpg	these pens? Why are we born? Why do we die
images/000023091.jpg	I miss her very much.I want to stay with her for
images/000023092.jpg	l out a few nails. The fence never look the same!
images/000023093.jpg	 humanism. If we treat our fellows with 
images/000023094.jpg	ngry words. He scolded kids, neighbours and 
images/000023095.jpg	Chinese family are respectively more than 
images/000023096.jpg	t of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the f
images/000023097.jpg	hould learn to understand their children and k
images/000023098.jpg	 was never able to live a life like a butt
images/000023099.jpg	emind us of the meaning of humanism. If we 
images/000023100.jpg	 was his first trip by foot to longer di
images/000023101.jpg	re we born? Why do we die? For all the ans
images/000023102.jpg	rosperous life with abundance of wealth and
images/000023103.jpg	d thought a little before jumping into the hole.”
images/000023104.jpg	d support the body.  Unfortunately, neither the 
images/000023105.jpg	y not be in favor of their children's hai
images/000023106.jpg	 think he will come if I write to him?” Emily a
images/000023107.jpg	ack became lighter.There was nothing the 
images/000023108.jpg	e water. But instead of the load becoming light
images/000023109.jpg	ever, there remained a few nails that the boy cou
images/000023110.jpg	in in his feet as it was his first trip by foot 
images/000023111.jpg	 some students need to use it to talk to Engl
images/000023112.jpg	iety and become sociable.In a word, families 
images/000023113.jpg	spect and tolerance, many things may turn
images/000023114.jpg	portance and pilgrim centres at distant places. 
images/000023115.jpg	d his son to hammer one nail to the fence
images/000023116.jpg	 their harmony and unity. Each member of the fa
images/000023117.jpg	 It has scars all over! You can stab a man with
images/000023118.jpg	g worm! Here is the story of a butterfly th
images/000023119.jpg	ngs presents and toys to human children at Ch
images/000023120.jpg	gestionand applauded the minister. He o
images/000023121.jpg	end Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revis
images/000023122.jpg	ish learning is perseverance in face of hardshi
images/000023123.jpg	ife with abundance of wealth and no misfo
images/000023124.jpg	ad placed the food in the tree trunk while he 
images/000023125.jpg	 was his first trip by foot to longer dis
images/000023126.jpg	tinued to blow at our poor firefly.After some ti
images/000023127.jpg	ourney through space aided by a galaxyful of fell
images/000023128.jpg	ressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former
images/000023129.jpg	t the same time they must keep in mind that diff
images/000023130.jpg	 make its way to enjoy its world. He decided 
images/000023131.jpg	us to pay closer attention to our fellows. Occ
images/000023132.jpg	o change this for the betterment and happines
images/000023133.jpg	od Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, 
images/000023134.jpg	e. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, his
images/000023135.jpg	ing worm! Here is the story of a butterfl
images/000023136.jpg	, I will show my paper to my parents, they 
images/000023137.jpg	 cost and the fierce market competition, th
images/000023138.jpg	s part of the forest for many years. I gue
images/000023139.jpg	ho grow up in happy families tend to have man
images/000023140.jpg	amily are respectively more than in other 
images/000023141.jpg	om were very happy as they had a very prosperous 
images/000023142.jpg	 words. He scolded kids, neighbours and even hi
images/000023143.jpg	. They both help children to understand 
images/000023144.jpg	id, brilliant, and chronically depressed 
images/000023145.jpg	ings. Computers largely broaden our vision.How
images/000023146.jpg	l in the exam, I will show my paper to my
images/000023147.jpg	e aided by a galaxyful of fellow traveler
images/000023148.jpg	 from an ugly caterpillar into a beautif
images/000023149.jpg	family contributes to household duties, 
images/000023150.jpg	r to the elders' experience-based advice o
images/000023151.jpg	food in it, and he became very happy. He 
images/000023152.jpg	hy? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food that he b
images/000023153.jpg	did it with good intention, only going t
images/000023154.jpg	chant and his donkey were walking along together.
images/000023155.jpg	erent ideas disturb both of them. Most of the 
images/000023156.jpg	morning, a merchant loaded his donkey with 
images/000023157.jpg	ep in mind that different things appeal to diff
images/000023158.jpg	uality for successful English learning is persev
images/000023159.jpg	watch how the butterfly would come out of the co
images/000023160.jpg	rove my skills.Second I will go to my grandma
images/000023161.jpg	n the maintenance of our society. Humanism call
images/000023162.jpg	ere doing. The sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey
images/000023163.jpg	fore jumping into the hole.”Computers and
images/000023164.jpg	 the world as it is, so they are the dea
images/000023165.jpg	ore quickly. Further more, it gives us i
images/000023166.jpg	The household is always friendly, welcom
images/000023167.jpg	sors and tweaked the cocoon to make larger
images/000023168.jpg	ge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when
images/000023169.jpg	ework. She was really tired when I was go to 
images/000023170.jpg	emed that the butterfly tried its best and cou
images/000023171.jpg	read English textbooks or jonrnals and atte
images/000023172.jpg	ojagig, a former graduate student obsesse
images/000023173.jpg	hrough its life.Although the man did it wit
images/000023174.jpg	re.He caught a firefly. He put it under a dry 
images/000023175.jpg	elebrate holidays and entertain friends. T
images/000023176.jpg	the edge of the forest and searched there for
images/000023177.jpg	ce of hardship. Don't be intimidated even tho
images/000023178.jpg	le and were very stony. He could not tolerate th
images/000023179.jpg	eneration gap, people's ideas are not cut f
images/000023180.jpg	, “brings presents and toys to human children 
images/000023181.jpg	es for him and requested the countrymen to wea
images/000023182.jpg	ve in.
images/000023183.jpg	ded to go on a travel to visit places of 
images/000023184.jpg	e was a package. The hungry fox immediate
images/000023185.jpg	s and keeps our minds open to better way
images/000023186.jpg	want to undergo any struggle, we won’t be able t
images/000023187.jpg	eant that the butterfly was trying to make i
images/000023188.jpg	here for food. Suddenly he caught sight of a bi
images/000023189.jpg	s that focuses on common human needs and see
images/000023190.jpg	ood that he became too big to fit through the h
images/000023191.jpg	n years, has been posing as an out-of-wor
images/000023192.jpg	erflies! The continuous effort from the but
images/000023193.jpg	riends and neighbours avoided him.His mot
images/000023194.jpg	 club,because I like playing soccer.During 
images/000023195.jpg	t it was several days that he did not ham
images/000023196.jpg	he boy, “The nails were your bad temper and 
images/000023197.jpg	gap between them will be narrowed down in ti
images/000023198.jpg	There are many examples that demonstrate hum
images/000023199.jpg	e and hammered a nail. In the next few d
images/000023200.jpg	 30 times on the first day! Every time he lost h
images/000023201.jpg	m the butterfly to come out of its cocoon would l
images/000023202.jpg	hey were proud that their king was so kind with a
images/000023203.jpg	 respectively more than in other countries' fami
images/000023204.jpg	flies! The continuous effort from the butterfly t
images/000023205.jpg	ace. He was quite happy that he visited many pi
images/000023206.jpg	 world as it is, so they are the dearest parts
images/000023207.jpg	ative to accept anything new. Their voices
images/000023208.jpg	ocoon without any more struggles. He continu
images/000023209.jpg	rthur Dent is plucked off the planet by 
images/000023210.jpg	fortunately, the donkey slipped and fell 
images/000023211.jpg	wever, no matter how hard he tried, he co
images/000023212.jpg	l examples of human goodness can remind us 
images/000023213.jpg	 the elders' experience-based advice or set them
images/000023214.jpg	ately, the donkey fell into the river and was
images/000023215.jpg	ent almost more than 10 hours with the coc
images/000023216.jpg	auded the minister. He ordered for a pair of leat
images/000023217.jpg	r children warmth, care and shelter, while f
images/000023218.jpg	ldren to have much time left for animals.”“Do 
images/000023219.jpg	 have many pleasant characters. If we say 
images/000023220.jpg	very tired. Now they realized what the sparrow 
images/000023221.jpg	e any more try.The man, who had a passion
images/000023222.jpg	eys were sitting on the same tree. She n
images/000023223.jpg	e, thanks to the decline of cost and the f
images/000023224.jpg	d it would cost a huge amount of money also.
images/000023225.jpg	aybe the old generation is too conservative to 
images/000023226.jpg	ng to break the shell for several hours.
images/000023227.jpg	e river and noticed that the bags of salt 
images/000023228.jpg	ow. They continued to blow at our poor firefly.
images/000023229.jpg	ed about the people who used to walk alon
images/000023230.jpg	es at distant places. He decided to travel by 
images/000023231.jpg	temper made him fall for angry words. He s
images/000023232.jpg	 people and accompany them. People of dis
images/000023233.jpg	much worried about the people who used to w
images/000023234.jpg	 civilized world humanism plays an important role
images/000023235.jpg	will go to my grandma's house,because I miss
images/000023236.jpg	. The little boy found it very difficult t
images/000023237.jpg	keys became very tired. Now they realize
images/000023238.jpg	 of beliefs that focuses on common human needs a
images/000023239.jpg	they realized what the sparrow had said was corre
images/000023240.jpg	y reached the slippery riverbank, now deliberate
images/000023241.jpg	ld have some ideal qualities to succeed in Engli
images/000023242.jpg	 from the fence. However, there remained a
images/000023243.jpg	ed to the palace. He was quite happy that he visi
images/000023244.jpg	hhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last
images/000023245.jpg	id not lose his temper. He told his father t
images/000023246.jpg	is bad temper made him fall for angry wor
images/000023247.jpg	ork. She was really tired when I was go 
images/000023248.jpg	nk, now deliberately, the donkey fell into t
images/000023249.jpg	ver and noticed that the bags of salt loaded o
images/000023250.jpg	t of the nails from the fence. However, there r
images/000023251.jpg	n there forever. Your bad temper and anger 
images/000023252.jpg	ey slipped and fell into the river and noticed th
images/000023253.jpg	se who grow up in happy families tend to h
images/000023254.jpg	The butterfly had been struggling very hard
images/000023255.jpg	benefits to us. It makes us do things more quick
images/000023256.jpg	m and requested the countrymen to wear sho
images/000023257.jpg	ter. As parents, they should learn to unde
images/000023258.jpg	is father that it was several days that he did n
images/000023259.jpg	. They had not walked far when they reach
images/000023260.jpg	k. He then returned home again but re-loaded hi
images/000023261.jpg	vely more than in other countries' family. In Chi
images/000023262.jpg	dynamic pair began a journey through space a
images/000023263.jpg	oes play an important role in shaping chi
images/000023264.jpg	How to Be a Successful English LearnerAlmo
images/000023265.jpg	ent purposes. Some students need it to read En
images/000023266.jpg	work. Therefore, I want to help her in the holida
images/000023267.jpg	ain but re-loaded his donkey with bags of s
images/000023268.jpg	e beautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded his
images/000023269.jpg	gain.The merchant quickly discovered the donke
images/000023270.jpg	u want to kill the holy animal cow to cover t
images/000023271.jpg	t to the edge of the forest and searched ther
images/000023272.jpg	e, I want to help her in the holidays.Wh
images/000023273.jpg	d he was quite eager to watch the butterfly fl
images/000023274.jpg	“So forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home n
images/000023275.jpg	g.I am going to do many things that I want 
images/000023276.jpg	an stab a man with a knife, but the wound will 
images/000023277.jpg	eople can afford their own personal compute
images/000023278.jpg	ore painful than physical abuse! Use words
images/000023279.jpg	usehold is always friendly, welcoming, and
images/000023280.jpg	 to transform from an ugly caterpillar into a 
images/000023281.jpg	ld support the body.  Unfortunately, neither 
images/000023282.jpg	ery hungry. No matter how hard he tried, th
images/000023283.jpg	 to be happy. I know I should relax myself and 
images/000023284.jpg	rogress. It seemed that the butterfly tried its
images/000023285.jpg	rest. He was going to eat it for his lunch.
images/000023286.jpg	the exam, they just want me to be happy.
images/000023287.jpg	. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he 
images/000023288.jpg	erfly and he was quite eager to watch the
images/000023289.jpg	ination of colours. In fact, he used to spe
images/000023290.jpg	her that it was several days that he did not
images/000023291.jpg	beautiful and colourful butterfly comes from an u
images/000023292.jpg	e tiny opening. Unfortunately, even afte
images/000023293.jpg	 so by contacting with friends one can get
images/000023294.jpg	road with leather? Rather, you can just have 
images/000023295.jpg	onty and I were busy building a snowman
images/000023296.jpg	' family. In China, children live with their pare
images/000023297.jpg	o do. For exampie,first I will jion a socce
images/000023298.jpg	st teachers, so family does play an important ro
images/000023299.jpg	 discipline to learn English well. In order 
images/000023300.jpg	lot of benefits to us. It makes us do things mo
images/000023301.jpg	n just have a piece of leather cut in appr
images/000023302.jpg	e of the forest and searched there for food. Sud
images/000023303.jpg	he soldier extended a helping hand to the old
images/000023304.jpg	re a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit in it!
images/000023305.jpg	r one was born, the first surroundings is the
images/000023306.jpg	 some ideal qualities to succeed in Engli
images/000023307.jpg	portance and pilgrim centres at distant pla
images/000023308.jpg	e sparrow continued: “I think all of you sho
images/000023309.jpg	ollen body reduced.Unfortunately, the butterfly 
images/000023310.jpg	le before jumping into the hole.”Comput
images/000023311.jpg	uter has brought a lot of benefits to us. It
images/000023312.jpg	e food in the tree trunk while he cut down trees 
images/000023313.jpg	, even after continuous attempts for sever
images/000023314.jpg	 in appropriate shape to cover your feet?’Th
images/000023315.jpg	food that he became too big to fit through t
images/000023316.jpg	nta Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in th
images/000023317.jpg	lius, Monty and I were busy building a s
images/000023318.jpg	 respectively more than in other countries'
images/000023319.jpg	 in the world is difficult for one who sets h
images/000023320.jpg	journey through space aided by a galaxyful of fe
images/000023321.jpg	fly struggling to break the shell for several h
images/000023322.jpg	gles. He continued to watch the butterfl
images/000023323.jpg	ld himself, “I wish that I had thought a litt
images/000023324.jpg	places were so happy to have a conversation wi
images/000023325.jpg	end to have many pleasant characters. If w
images/000023326.jpg	er appreciated him and asked him pointing to
images/000023327.jpg	manism. The spirit of humanism is apparen
images/000023328.jpg	butterflies decided to help the butterfly. He g
images/000023329.jpg	 in almost every field of our life. Meanwh
images/000023330.jpg	rfly that was never able to live a life lik
images/000023331.jpg	e wound will remain there forever. Your bad temp
images/000023332.jpg	king was very much surprised by his sugg
images/000023333.jpg	st. He was going to eat it for his lunch
images/000023334.jpg	riate shape to cover your feet?’The king was ve
images/000023335.jpg	akes us do things more quickly. Further more
images/000023336.jpg	nrnals and attend English lectures, while som
images/000023337.jpg	utterfly. He got a pair of scissors and t
images/000023338.jpg	llar into a beautiful one.He saw a coco
images/000023339.jpg	fer children warmth, care and shelter, while fr
images/000023340.jpg	with leather? Rather, you can just have a 
images/000023341.jpg	ager to watch the butterfly fly with its b
images/000023342.jpg	ought that there might be food in it, and he
images/000023343.jpg	of the hours that people spend on computers pe
images/000023344.jpg	 For exampie,first I will jion a soccer club,be
images/000023345.jpg	Once upon a time, there was a hungry fox that was
images/000023346.jpg	, for the last fifteen years, has been pos
images/000023347.jpg	a package. The hungry fox immediately thought t
images/000023348.jpg	at families offer the environment of living, f
images/000023349.jpg	ilies are hospitable. The family gathers t
images/000023350.jpg	ing to the hole, ‘What do you see there?’T
images/000023351.jpg	ur life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of
images/000023352.jpg	onds before Earth is demolished to make way 
images/000023353.jpg	puters per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours 
images/000023354.jpg	 to us. It makes us do things more quickly. Furth
images/000023355.jpg	ople and accompany them. People of distant
images/000023356.jpg	inister told, ‘Why do you want to kill the
images/000023357.jpg	 sparrow continued: “I think all of you sh
images/000023358.jpg	unately, all their attempts failed. Finally,
images/000023359.jpg	rate the pain as he walked all the way throug
images/000023360.jpg	rroundings is the family in which he will 
images/000023361.jpg	 could not get out of the hole. Do you know 
images/000023362.jpg	half. The little boy found it very difficult
images/000023363.jpg	the human children to have much time left for ani
images/000023364.jpg	vel to visit places of historical importance
images/000023365.jpg	roblem. As long as both sides keep their mind
images/000023366.jpg	yOne beautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded
images/000023367.jpg	ine of cost and the fierce market competition, th
images/000023368.jpg	y more struggles. He continued to watch t
images/000023369.jpg	d on the fence was reduced to half. The 
images/000023370.jpg	He got a pair of scissors and tweaked the coc
images/000023371.jpg	 some housework. She was really tired when I was 
images/000023372.jpg	ot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate stude
images/000023373.jpg	er in the holidays.What will you do on Summe
images/000023374.jpg	t the roads weren’t comfortable and were
images/000023375.jpg	 people's ideas are not cut from the same cloth
images/000023376.jpg	avor of their children's hairstyle and weird clot
images/000023377.jpg	ve many pleasant characters. If we say that 
images/000023378.jpg	odness can remind us of the meaning of humanis
images/000023379.jpg	most all the students need English and they 
images/000023380.jpg	t of its cocoon would let the fluid stored
images/000023381.jpg	arance of all the ballpoint pens he's boug
images/000023382.jpg	ther cultures and keeps our minds open to 
images/000023383.jpg	erstand the world as it is, so they are the d
images/000023384.jpg	 is family, and the other is friends.Aft
images/000023385.jpg	 is the family in which he will grow up. P
images/000023386.jpg	eed it to read English textbooks or jonr
images/000023387.jpg	l be narrowed down in time. Both sides s
images/000023388.jpg	 living, friends make another important part 
images/000023389.jpg	conversation with their king and they wer
images/000023390.jpg	 to the fence and hammered a nail. In the next f
images/000023391.jpg	arnerAlmost all the students need English
images/000023392.jpg	into account. These different ideas disturb b
images/000023393.jpg	e shell for several hours. He spent almost more
images/000023394.jpg	her was freezing. A group of monkeys wer
images/000023395.jpg	ly. He put it under a dry leaf and start
images/000023396.jpg	ant quickly discovered the donkey’s trick. He t
images/000023397.jpg	think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen hi
images/000023398.jpg	ing cocoon. The butterfly emerged without 
images/000023399.jpg	uickly. Further more, it gives us insight
images/000023400.jpg	, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies
images/000023401.jpg	ns should be responsible for solving the prob
images/000023402.jpg	is coming.I am going to do many things that I wan
images/000023403.jpg	nglish textbooks or jonrnals and attend English l
images/000023404.jpg	. Therefore, I want to help her in the h
images/000023405.jpg	y, all their attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s 
images/000023406.jpg	 The boy used to get angry very soon and 
images/000023407.jpg	to stay with her for several days.Last I wil
images/000023408.jpg	 two days before Christmas. Harry, Corneliu
images/000023409.jpg	hammered a nail. In the next few days, th
images/000023410.jpg	 do well in the exam, they just want me 
images/000023411.jpg	nd toys to human children at Christmas t
images/000023412.jpg	ly son for them. The parents of the little boy 
images/000023413.jpg	 a wonderful machine. Today it is used a great d
images/000023414.jpg	should learn to understand their children a
images/000023415.jpg	r.There was nothing the merchant could do, e
images/000023416.jpg	 their harmony and unity. Each member of th
images/000023417.jpg	 angry very soon and taunt others with hi
images/000023418.jpg	ies. He knew how a butterfly would strug
images/000023419.jpg	ecided to go on a travel to visit places
images/000023420.jpg	ons should be responsible for solving th
images/000023421.jpg	or the butterfly and removed the remaining coco
images/000023422.jpg	ed out Emily also didn’t know much about Chris
images/000023423.jpg	k up at a cocktail party once upon a tim
images/000023424.jpg	due to anger. He invited all worries for 
images/000023425.jpg	nd a lot of time around butterflies. He knew how
images/000023426.jpg	old us. “She doesn’t know much about our w
images/000023427.jpg	ecided to travel by foot to interact with h
images/000023428.jpg	d with his little niece Emily and introd
images/000023429.jpg	 roads weren’t comfortable and were very s
images/000023430.jpg	 could see his fellow people leading a propitiou
images/000023431.jpg	 tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after co
images/000023432.jpg	donkey with bags of salt to go to the marke
images/000023433.jpg	 swollen body reduced.Unfortunately, the b
images/000023434.jpg	 a word, families offer children warmth, car
images/000023435.jpg	h the man did it with good intention, only 
images/000023436.jpg	nd fruit in it!An old woodcutter had pla
images/000023437.jpg	glish-speakers, attend seminars, write letters
images/000023438.jpg	th friends one can get into the society and becom
images/000023439.jpg	ell,” I said, “he hasn’t been around this part 
images/000023440.jpg	rt of the forest for many years. I guess he i
images/000023441.jpg	hildren warmth, care and shelter, while frien
images/000023442.jpg	that the roads weren’t comfortable and were 
images/000023443.jpg	y more struggles. He continued to watch the
images/000023444.jpg	er and anger were like that! Words are m
images/000023445.jpg	of the cocoon. He was watching the butterfly 
images/000023446.jpg	le of humanistic behavior. In the event of a li
images/000023447.jpg	 well in the exam, they just want me to b
images/000023448.jpg	day, my parents tell me that they don’t ca
images/000023449.jpg	ught that at any time, the butterfly might expan
images/000023450.jpg	he monkeys became very tired. Now they realized
images/000023451.jpg	ody.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expand
images/000023452.jpg	hering around the television in the evening
images/000023453.jpg	However, he had regret.He had intolerable 
images/000023454.jpg	in the story of "The Right Son at the Right Time"
images/000023455.jpg	 order to improve the ability of English read
images/000023456.jpg	s temper. The little boy found it hilariou
images/000023457.jpg	et in order to sell them. The merchant and h
images/000023458.jpg	 important role in modern life.What has led
images/000023459.jpg	tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening for t
images/000023460.jpg	 of the monkeys said, “I wish we could find so
images/000023461.jpg	 of need. The young man's actions were th
images/000023462.jpg	en returned home again but re-loaded his donkey w
images/000023463.jpg	e the connections between children and the societ
images/000023464.jpg	milies are proud of their harmony and unity.
images/000023465.jpg	emerged like any other beautiful butterflies! The
images/000023466.jpg	arent factors which affect a person's growt
images/000023467.jpg	ian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfr
images/000023468.jpg	pen to better ways of seeing things. Compu
images/000023469.jpg	”“Neither have I,” Harry added, shaking
images/000023470.jpg	ither the wings expanded or enlarged nor
images/000023471.jpg	cut in appropriate shape to cover your feet?
images/000023472.jpg	bags of salt on its back again.The merchant
images/000023473.jpg	n? Why do we die? For all the answers, stick you
images/000023474.jpg	water. But instead of the load becoming lighte
images/000023475.jpg	h leather so that people might feel comforta
images/000023476.jpg	ontinued to watch the butterfly and he was qui
images/000023477.jpg	thought that there might be food in it, a
images/000023478.jpg	cessful English learning is perseverance
images/000023479.jpg	se his temper. The little boy found it hilariou
images/000023480.jpg	n order to improve the ability of English r
images/000023481.jpg	d others speaking English better than you. Parti
images/000023482.jpg	yself. One day, my parents tell me that they d
images/000023483.jpg	nd generous to visitors who can drop in 
images/000023484.jpg	 day as he had controlled his anger. Several day
images/000023485.jpg	 hammer any nail and he did not lose his
images/000023486.jpg	 there forever. Your bad temper and ange
images/000023487.jpg	made an order to cover the road of the whol
images/000023488.jpg	 happily began to eat. After the fox had fi
images/000023489.jpg	u think he will come if I write to him?” Emily
images/000023490.jpg	they were proud that their king was so kind with 
images/000023491.jpg	hem. The parents of the little boy were 
images/000023492.jpg	friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revi
images/000023493.jpg	 of a life-threatening emergency, humani
images/000023494.jpg	e food in the tree trunk while he cut down 
images/000023495.jpg	en them will be narrowed down in time. Both si
images/000023496.jpg	 ten times up, indicating computers are play
images/000023497.jpg	comes from an unappealing worm! Here is the st
images/000023498.jpg	 you see there?’The boy replied, ‘a hole in t
images/000023499.jpg	mbers in a Chinese family are respectively more t
images/000023500.jpg	ome students need to use it to talk to Engl
images/000023501.jpg	aw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant th
images/000023502.jpg	busy visiting all the human children to have much
images/000023503.jpg	 generous to visitors who can drop in on 
images/000023504.jpg	 he was quite eager to watch the butterfly fly 
images/000023505.jpg	friends and relatives without previous invitation
images/000023506.jpg	 does play an important role in shaping childre
images/000023507.jpg	to different generations. Those who grow up i
images/000023508.jpg	ravelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-heade
images/000023509.jpg	o hammer one nail to the fence every time h
images/000023510.jpg	he maintenance of our society. Humanism calls for
images/000023511.jpg	c pair began a journey through space aided by 
images/000023512.jpg	were hammered on people. You can remove the nails
images/000023513.jpg	as a package. The hungry fox immediately tho
images/000023514.jpg	ly!Christmas SurpriseIt was two days before
images/000023515.jpg	 of leather cut in appropriate shape to cover
images/000023516.jpg	a soccer club,because I like playing socce
images/000023517.jpg	t for animals.”“Do you think he will come i
images/000023518.jpg	f, “I wish that I had thought a little before 
images/000023519.jpg	ferent things appeal to different generations. T
images/000023520.jpg	ich can also help accumulate and enlarge 
images/000023521.jpg	The family gathers together to celebrate holiday
images/000023522.jpg	aking care of me, she also has to work. Therefor
images/000023523.jpg	lked far when they reached a river on the ro
images/000023524.jpg	o apparent factors which affect a person's
images/000023525.jpg	. With the rapid progressing of the society
images/000023526.jpg	e his temper. He told his father that it 
images/000023527.jpg	ant loaded his donkey with bags of salt to 
images/000023528.jpg	the next few days, the number of nails ha
images/000023529.jpg	milies offer the environment of living, frie
images/000023530.jpg	k. Therefore, I want to help her in the hol
images/000023531.jpg	r. He was the only son for them. The par
images/000023532.jpg	g children's personality. Friends are the connect
images/000023533.jpg	cond I will go to my grandma's house,beca
images/000023534.jpg	utterfly would come out of the cocoon. He w
images/000023535.jpg	Claus is only for human children,” Fritz sai
images/000023536.jpg	 of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMill
images/000023537.jpg	ourage. They both help children to understand 
images/000023538.jpg	to improve my skills.Second I will go to
images/000023539.jpg	mother do some housework. She was really tir
images/000023540.jpg	his fellow people leading a propitious l
images/000023541.jpg	d. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree 
images/000023542.jpg	eral days passed and the boy was able to pull
images/000023543.jpg	g, a merchant loaded his donkey with bags of s
images/000023544.jpg	out most of the nails from the fence. However, 
images/000023545.jpg	ou can stab a man with a knife, but the wound wi
images/000023546.jpg	e.”Computers and Modern LifeThe comput
images/000023547.jpg	linging to its branches. One of the monkeys 
images/000023548.jpg	the same time they must keep in mind tha
images/000023549.jpg	 the road of the whole country with leather
images/000023550.jpg	 sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monk
images/000023551.jpg	 nail. In the next few days, the number of nail
images/000023552.jpg	 the edge of the forest and searched there f
images/000023553.jpg	d in almost every field of our life. Meanwhile
images/000023554.jpg	er and they were hammered on people. You ca
images/000023555.jpg	 will remain there forever. Your bad tempe
images/000023556.jpg	 he caught sight of a big tree with a hole in 
images/000023557.jpg	s father about the same.  The father app
images/000023558.jpg	 had controlled his anger. Several days passed an
images/000023559.jpg	 continuous effort from the butterfly to come
images/000023560.jpg	 myself and be happy.A Hole in the Fence
images/000023561.jpg	 was going to eat it for his lunch.The fox happi
images/000023562.jpg	n children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget 
images/000023563.jpg	old consisting of three generations is common.
images/000023564.jpg	m an unappealing worm! Here is the story of a 
images/000023565.jpg	hat they were doing. The sparrow laughed. She s
images/000023566.jpg	young man's actions were the example of hu
images/000023567.jpg	appy all the time. But I have put so much pres
images/000023568.jpg	ot taken into account. These different ide
images/000023569.jpg	onkeys were sitting on the same tree. She 
images/000023570.jpg	ou know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much f
images/000023571.jpg	s no progress. It seemed that the butterfly tri
images/000023572.jpg	t more than 10 hours with the cocoon and the butt
images/000023573.jpg	, and the other is friends.After one was born,
images/000023574.jpg	ter. But instead of the load becoming lighter
images/000023575.jpg	 lighter and smaller and the wings would be beaut
images/000023576.jpg	d wings and huge body. It was never able to fl
images/000023577.jpg	 presents to animal children?” Emily aske
images/000023578.jpg	ritz told us. “She doesn’t know much about o
images/000023579.jpg	 some fire. It will help us to keep warm”.Sudd
images/000023580.jpg	nfortunately, all their attempts failed. 
images/000023581.jpg	he environment of living, friends make another 
images/000023582.jpg	s do things more quickly. Further more, it gives
images/000023583.jpg	king and said that he had another idea.T
images/000023584.jpg	ts branches. One of the monkeys said, “I w
images/000023585.jpg	’s father came up with an idea.One day, his f
images/000023586.jpg	 want to undergo any struggle, we won’t be 
images/000023587.jpg	offer the environment of living, friends make 
images/000023588.jpg	to the water. But instead of the load becomin
images/000023589.jpg	ece of leather cut in appropriate shape to co
images/000023590.jpg	ed to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it invo
images/000023591.jpg	 continuous attempts for several hours, there w
images/000023592.jpg	ve the ability of English reading compre
images/000023593.jpg	 work. Therefore, I want to help her in th
images/000023594.jpg	eeds and seeks rational ways of solving human pr
images/000023595.jpg	 to longer distance. He complained to his
images/000023596.jpg	with his father and mother. He was the on
images/000023597.jpg	roblems.There are many examples that demons
images/000023598.jpg	e saw there were a lot of food, bread, meat 
images/000023599.jpg	e emerged like any other beautiful butterflies!
images/000023600.jpg	“Do you think he will come if I write to him?” 
images/000023601.jpg	re hospitable. The family gathers together to c
images/000023602.jpg	 apparent in the story of "The Right Son a
images/000023603.jpg	 we could find some fire. It will help us t
images/000023604.jpg	asional examples of human goodness can remin
images/000023605.jpg	 to accept anything new. Their voices are
images/000023606.jpg	s.Second I will go to my grandma's house,
images/000023607.jpg	om an ugly caterpillar into a beautiful 
images/000023608.jpg	 hours to come out through the tiny opening. Un
images/000023609.jpg	 fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty and d
images/000023610.jpg	coon and the butterfly. The butterfly ha
images/000023611.jpg	than physical abuse! Use words for good. Use them
images/000023612.jpg	a merchant loaded his donkey with bags of salt 
images/000023613.jpg	iful spring morning, a merchant loaded his don
images/000023614.jpg	that different things appeal to different g
images/000023615.jpg	me to be happy. I know I should relax myself an
images/000023616.jpg	isters were stunned to hear his order as it w
images/000023617.jpg	endly, welcoming, and generous to visitors who c
images/000023618.jpg	ther and it would cost a huge amount of money
images/000023619.jpg	 As long as both sides keep their minds ope
images/000023620.jpg	 people of the kingdom were very happy a
images/000023621.jpg	uickly. Further more, it gives us insights i
images/000023622.jpg	 Christmas time.”“Does he also bring presents to
images/000023623.jpg	ber climbs more than ten times up, indicating com
images/000023624.jpg	g man's actions were the example of humanisti
images/000023625.jpg	 can remove the nails but still see the h
images/000023626.jpg	 take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not lis
images/000023627.jpg	le's ideas are not cut from the same clo
images/000023628.jpg	r.During the summer holiday, I want to practice
images/000023629.jpg	 your thumb to the stars!Summer holiday is
images/000023630.jpg	d generation is too conservative to acce
images/000023631.jpg	n a deaf ear to the elders' experience-bas
images/000023632.jpg	painful than physical abuse! Use words for goo
images/000023633.jpg	s of cows to get the sufficient quantity of le
images/000023634.jpg	nt role in shaping children's character. As 
images/000023635.jpg	with leather so that people might feel co
images/000023636.jpg	on the road.Unfortunately, the donkey slipped 
images/000023637.jpg	open, at the same time they must keep in mind t
images/000023638.jpg	the old man in time of need. The young man's
images/000023639.jpg	tives without previous invitation.Chines
images/000023640.jpg	mper.Gradually, the number of nails hammer
images/000023641.jpg	ed into the hole and when he opened the pa
images/000023642.jpg	 about the people who used to walk along thos
images/000023643.jpg	 drink some water from a nearby spring. 
images/000023644.jpg	 are playing a more and more important role
images/000023645.jpg	ferent things appeal to different generations. T
images/000023646.jpg	he boy used to get angry very soon and taunt oth
images/000023647.jpg	 his donkey were walking along together. Th
images/000023648.jpg	 was quite happy that he visited many pi
images/000023649.jpg	 The monkeys did not listen to the sparrow. T
images/000023650.jpg	Emily also didn’t know much about Christmas.
images/000023651.jpg	and keep the lines of communications with them o
images/000023652.jpg	ased advice or set themselves against what the el
images/000023653.jpg	y pleasant characters. If we say that fa
images/000023654.jpg	t they were doing. The sparrow laughed. Sh
images/000023655.jpg	society, computers are now widely applied in
images/000023656.jpg	t the wound will remain there forever. Y
images/000023657.jpg	ters per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours 
images/000023658.jpg	indicating computers are playing a more an
images/000023659.jpg	. He was the only son for them. The parents of
images/000023660.jpg	ster. He ordered for a pair of leather sho
images/000023661.jpg	e. Today it is used a great deal. There is a 
images/000023662.jpg	rs. The number climbs more than ten time
images/000023663.jpg	deaf ear to the elders' experience-based advi
images/000023664.jpg	e the example of humanistic behavior. In 
images/000023665.jpg	nfortunately, even after continuous attempts fo
images/000023666.jpg	tening emergency, humanism can be as important 
images/000023667.jpg	ety, so by contacting with friends one can
images/000023668.jpg	m”.Suddenly they noticed a flock of fireflie
images/000023669.jpg	realized what the sparrow had said was co
images/000023670.jpg	ialize together, with several generations
images/000023671.jpg	story of a butterfly that was never able
images/000023672.jpg	reduced and the day arrived when no nail was ha
images/000023673.jpg	erous to visitors who can drop in on friends
images/000023674.jpg	price has been marked down over and over
images/000023675.jpg	 in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a
images/000023676.jpg	Emily also didn’t know much about Christmas
images/000023677.jpg	ou can stab a man with a knife, but the wound 
images/000023678.jpg	ellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the 
images/000023679.jpg	ertain friends. The household is always fr
images/000023680.jpg	easons why generation gap comes into being. Some 
images/000023681.jpg	just want me to be happy. I know I should r
images/000023682.jpg	pain in his feet as it was his first trip by 
images/000023683.jpg	fe-threatening emergency, humanism can be as im
images/000023684.jpg	set themselves against what the elders have
images/000023685.jpg	erfly that was never able to live a life like
images/000023686.jpg	 life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost a
images/000023687.jpg	 to the decline of cost and the fierce marke
images/000023688.jpg	loaded his donkey with bags of salt to go to th
images/000023689.jpg	ismHumanism is a system of beliefs that
images/000023690.jpg	k all of you should take shelter in a cave”. T
images/000023691.jpg	 butterfly. The butterfly had been strugglin
images/000023692.jpg	his fellow people leading a propitious life. Ho
images/000023693.jpg	 led to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it i
images/000023694.jpg	r continuous attempts for several hours,
images/000023695.jpg	gap exists in our daily life, whether yo
images/000023696.jpg	or several days.Last I will help my mother do
images/000023697.jpg	he television in the evening.The Importan
images/000023698.jpg	For exampie,first I will jion a soccer c
images/000023699.jpg	is demolished to make way for a galactic fre
images/000023700.jpg	 beautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded his 
images/000023701.jpg	pt anything new. Their voices are not taken into 
images/000023702.jpg	arked down over and over again so that ma
images/000023703.jpg	t from the butterfly to come out of its cocoon wo
images/000023704.jpg	t he had to change this for the betterme
images/000023705.jpg	”. The monkeys did not listen to the sparrow.
images/000023706.jpg	nstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism i
images/000023707.jpg	galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beebl
images/000023708.jpg	ndma's house,because I miss her very muc
images/000023709.jpg	uggles the butterfly would have emerged like any 
images/000023710.jpg	he fox was very sad and upset. He told himself,
images/000023711.jpg	ocoon with tiny opening. It meant that the
images/000023712.jpg	 go to the market in order to sell them.
images/000023713.jpg	me again but re-loaded his donkey with bags of 
images/000023714.jpg	y. The butterfly had been struggling very 
images/000023715.jpg	n a time, there was a hungry fox that wa
images/000023716.jpg	isitors who can drop in on friends and rel
images/000023717.jpg	ed eating, he felt thirsty and decided to lea
images/000023718.jpg	ting computers are playing a more and more imp
images/000023719.jpg	s rational ways of solving human problems.There
images/000023720.jpg	o hammer one nail to the fence every time h
images/000023721.jpg	rd he tried, he could not get out of the hole
images/000023722.jpg	ility of English reading comprehension, one 
images/000023723.jpg	ry stony. He could not tolerate the pain as
images/000023724.jpg	y happy as they had a very prosperous life 
images/000023725.jpg	der to cover the road of the whole count
images/000023726.jpg	us to pay closer attention to our fellows. Occasi
images/000023727.jpg	rent factors which affect a person's growth. 
images/000023728.jpg	should take shelter in a cave”. The monkey
images/000023729.jpg	 monkeys said, “I wish we could find some fi
images/000023730.jpg	oliday, I want to practice more to improve m
images/000023731.jpg	 butterfly tried its best and could not g
images/000023732.jpg	y parents, they are so happy to see me do 
images/000023733.jpg	ing.I am going to do many things that I want to
images/000023734.jpg	ho, for the last fifteen years, has been 
images/000023735.jpg	y might expand the wings, shrink the body and 
images/000023736.jpg	se I like playing soccer.During the summer holida
images/000023737.jpg	he cut down trees in the forest. He was going 
images/000023738.jpg	thout any more struggles. He continued to wat
images/000023739.jpg	A sparrow came flying to its nest. The monkeys 
images/000023740.jpg	tely, the butterfly just crawled around with wi
images/000023741.jpg	butterfly had been struggling very hard for hour
images/000023742.jpg	other do some housework. She was really 
images/000023743.jpg	 our society. Humanism calls for us to pay c
images/000023744.jpg	lf. The little boy found it very difficult to h
images/000023745.jpg	almost more than 10 hours with the cocoon an
images/000023746.jpg	ry field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to
images/000023747.jpg	 said, “I wish we could find some fire. I
images/000023748.jpg	t. He told himself, “I wish that I had though
images/000023749.jpg	ever look the same! It has scars all ove
images/000023750.jpg	y, neither the wings expanded or enlarge
images/000023751.jpg	oy lived with his father and mother. He was the o
images/000023752.jpg	urs. He spent almost more than 10 hours with the 
images/000023753.jpg	urther more, it gives us insights into other cu
images/000023754.jpg	ak, the better your spoken English will be.
images/000023755.jpg	either have I,” Harry added, shaking his 
images/000023756.jpg	nce never look the same! It has scars all over! Y
images/000023757.jpg	ion, the price has been marked down over and ove
images/000023758.jpg	s temper. He told his father that it was sev
images/000023759.jpg	lot of reading materials, which can also help acc
images/000023760.jpg	k. She was really tired when I was go to 
images/000023761.jpg	er from a nearby spring. However, no matt
images/000023762.jpg	 rule of a king. The people of the kingdom wer
images/000023763.jpg	liefs that focuses on common human needs a
images/000023764.jpg	udent obsessed with the disappearance of a
images/000023765.jpg	actors may influence a person's growth. Th
images/000023766.jpg	chine. Today it is used a great deal. There is a
images/000023767.jpg	rs were stunned to hear his order as it would d
images/000023768.jpg	nd with a good heart!After several weeks, he
images/000023769.jpg	a more and more important role in modern life
images/000023770.jpg	who had a passion and love for butterflies dec
images/000023771.jpg	So forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home 
images/000023772.jpg	 came flying to its nest. The monkeys were s
images/000023773.jpg	very prosperous life with abundance of wea
images/000023774.jpg	ied, ‘a hole in the fence!’He told the boy, “
images/000023775.jpg	utterfly come out of the cocoon without any mor
images/000023776.jpg	 about 19 hours. The number climbs more tha
images/000023777.jpg	others speaking English better than you. Particip
images/000023778.jpg	me embarrassing mistakes.In short, the most esse
images/000023779.jpg	fore Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I w
images/000023780.jpg	ul for them too!He made an order to cover the ro
images/000023781.jpg	e forever. Your bad temper and anger were lik
images/000023782.jpg	ive up his anger and develop kindness. Unfortu
images/000023783.jpg	 The monkeys did not listen to the sparrow. 
images/000023784.jpg	cided to leave the trunk and drink some wat
images/000023785.jpg	erfly. He got a pair of scissors and tweaked th
images/000023786.jpg	ant places were so happy to have a conversation w
images/000023787.jpg	 accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary.
images/000023788.jpg	portance and pilgrim centres at distant pl
images/000023789.jpg	 around butterflies. He knew how a butterfly 
images/000023790.jpg	t by his friend Ford Prefect, a researche
images/000023791.jpg	s, the number of nails hammered on the fence wa
images/000023792.jpg	onkey again set on its way. On reaching the ri
images/000023793.jpg	 need it for different purposes. Some stude
images/000023794.jpg	iends.After one was born, the first surr
images/000023795.jpg	all the ballpoint pens he's bought over the 
images/000023796.jpg	llage, a little boy lived with his father and mo
images/000023797.jpg	 As they reached the slippery riverbank, now d
images/000023798.jpg	s, there was no progress. It seemed that
images/000023799.jpg	earning. It requires much time, commitment and di
images/000023800.jpg	en’t comfortable and were very stony. He coul
images/000023801.jpg	to better ways of seeing things. Computers large
images/000023802.jpg	became heavier.Cocoon and the ButterflyMan
images/000023803.jpg	peal to different generations. Those who gro
images/000023804.jpg	 civilized world humanism plays an important r
images/000023805.jpg	ch time, commitment and discipline to learn Eng
images/000023806.jpg	nce, many things may turn out for the be
images/000023807.jpg	ar when they reached a river on the road.Unfo
images/000023808.jpg	ails. He asked his son to hammer one nail to
images/000023809.jpg	ew. Their voices are not taken into account.
images/000023810.jpg	ound with withered wings and huge body. It was n
images/000023811.jpg	h the disappearance of all the ballpoint 
images/000023812.jpg	ter continuous attempts for several hours, 
images/000023813.jpg	ake shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not liste
images/000023814.jpg	erfly emerged without any struggle!Unfortun
images/000023815.jpg	nd silent night. The weather was freezing
images/000023816.jpg	est and searched there for food. Suddenly he c
images/000023817.jpg	saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that 
images/000023818.jpg	 began to eat. After the fox had finished eat
images/000023819.jpg	ative to accept anything new. Their voices
images/000023820.jpg	ceed in English learning. It requires much time, 
images/000023821.jpg	person's growth. One is family, and the other is
images/000023822.jpg	lied in almost every field of our life. Meanwhile
images/000023823.jpg	to make its way to enjoy its world. He decid
images/000023824.jpg	rough the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even af
images/000023825.jpg	ose roads as it would be painful for them
images/000023826.jpg	ngth and courage. They both help children to u
images/000023827.jpg	an goodness can remind us of the meaning of hum
images/000023828.jpg	ns why generation gap comes into being. 
images/000023829.jpg	ed, ‘a hole in the fence!’He told the boy, 
images/000023830.jpg	 not listen to the sparrow. They continued to 
images/000023831.jpg	erly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend,
images/000023832.jpg	ether, this dynamic pair began a journey t
images/000023833.jpg	n the fence for 30 times on the first da
images/000023834.jpg	be responsible for solving the problem. As l
images/000023835.jpg	main there forever. Your bad temper and ang
images/000023836.jpg	remain there forever. Your bad temper an
images/000023837.jpg	him?” Emily asked.“I don’t think so,” said 
images/000023838.jpg	 for something to eat. He was very hungry. No m
images/000023839.jpg	her and mother. He was the only son for them. Th
images/000023840.jpg	e again fell into the water. But instead of the l
images/000023841.jpg	ced the food in the tree trunk while he c
images/000023842.jpg	ble and were very stony. He could not toler
images/000023843.jpg	before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty
images/000023844.jpg	housands of cows to get the sufficient quantity 
images/000023845.jpg	owever, no matter how hard he tried, he could
images/000023846.jpg	d kids, neighbours and even his friends due to 
images/000023847.jpg	inds open to each other's outlooks on the w
images/000023848.jpg	r taking care of me, she also has to work. The
images/000023849.jpg	ge this for the betterment and happiness of th
images/000023850.jpg	ht that at any time, the butterfly might exp
images/000023851.jpg	opening. Unfortunately, even after continuous at
images/000023852.jpg	 happy families tend to have many pleasant 
images/000023853.jpg	ry day as he had controlled his anger. Seve
images/000023854.jpg	ll the way through the rough path.He said he
images/000023855.jpg	 get out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, th
images/000023856.jpg	nch president of the galaxy; Trillian (f
images/000023857.jpg	chers, so family does play an important role in
images/000023858.jpg	ld the boy, “The nails were your bad temper and t
images/000023859.jpg	 to do many things that I want to do. For 
images/000023860.jpg	friends. The household is always friendly, 
images/000023861.jpg	tterfly come out of the cocoon without a
images/000023862.jpg	s a hungry fox that was looking for something to 
images/000023863.jpg	 between them will be narrowed down in t
images/000023864.jpg	cows to get the sufficient quantity of leat
images/000023865.jpg	nd with withered wings and huge body. It wa
images/000023866.jpg	ght. The weather was freezing. A group o
images/000023867.jpg	d tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening f
images/000023868.jpg	 never able to live a life like a butter
images/000023869.jpg	ngry and to lose his temper. The little boy foun
images/000023870.jpg	d consisting of three generations is common.C
images/000023871.jpg	ish well. In order to improve the ability 
images/000023872.jpg	dren warmth, care and shelter, while fri
images/000023873.jpg	ferent purposes. Some students need it to read E
images/000023874.jpg	o much food that he became too big to fit throug
images/000023875.jpg	e body. It was never able to fly all thr
images/000023876.jpg	tity of leather and it would cost a huge a
images/000023877.jpg	nd silent night. The weather was freezing. A grou
images/000023878.jpg	Emily is from the South and has never seen snow 
images/000023879.jpg	He continued to watch the butterfly and he 
images/000023880.jpg	tries' family. In China, children live with the
images/000023881.jpg	 Now they realized what the sparrow had sa
images/000023882.jpg	hole idea. Let’s go home now before you catch a 
images/000023883.jpg	hange this for the betterment and happiness of th
images/000023884.jpg	th. Parents may not be in favor of their chi
images/000023885.jpg	rs avoided him.His mother and father consol
images/000023886.jpg	f beliefs that focuses on common human ne
images/000023887.jpg	 to work. Therefore, I want to help her i
images/000023888.jpg	duate student obsessed with the disappearanc
images/000023889.jpg	e larger opening for the butterfly and remov
images/000023890.jpg	 the wings expanded or enlarged nor the swoll
images/000023891.jpg	untry with leather so that people might feel
images/000023892.jpg	n the body convert into wings. Thus, the body wou
images/000023893.jpg	eaching the river he again fell into the water.
images/000023894.jpg	l out a few nails. The fence never look 
images/000023895.jpg	r bad temper and anger were like that! Words ar
images/000023896.jpg	unappealing worm! Here is the story of a but
images/000023897.jpg	s should talk over their problems with each o
images/000023898.jpg	he merchant could do, except return home where h
images/000023899.jpg	 behavior. In the event of a life-threatening eme
images/000023900.jpg	fox happily began to eat. After the fox had
images/000023901.jpg	ze together, with several generations gather
images/000023902.jpg	body with small and withered wings.The man 
images/000023903.jpg	he used to spend a lot of time around butterf
images/000023904.jpg	deas disturb both of them. Most of the things t
images/000023905.jpg	 roads weren’t comfortable and were very
images/000023906.jpg	f me, she also has to work. Therefore, I wa
images/000023907.jpg	ll,” I said, “he hasn’t been around this part of 
images/000023908.jpg	rket in order to sell them. The merchant 
images/000023909.jpg	d woodcutter had placed the food in the tree trun
images/000023910.jpg	he hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eat
images/000023911.jpg	ill show my paper to my parents, they ar
images/000023912.jpg	s an important role in the maintenance of ou
images/000023913.jpg	gry. No matter how hard he tried, the fox co
images/000023914.jpg	 I will jion a soccer club,because I like pla
images/000023915.jpg	e will grow up. Parents are children's f
images/000023916.jpg	heir children and keep the lines of communi
images/000023917.jpg	t is, so they are the dearest parts in one's l
images/000023918.jpg	No matter how hard he tried, the fox coul
images/000023919.jpg	sehold duties, including the children. Chin
images/000023920.jpg	oing through the struggles the butterfly wou
images/000023921.jpg	d. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree 
images/000023922.jpg	great deal. There is a drastic increase of th
images/000023923.jpg	m will be narrowed down in time. Both sides s
images/000023924.jpg	lot of food, bread, meat and fruit in it!
images/000023925.jpg	 for human children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So
images/000023926.jpg	ish-speakers, attend seminars, write letters, et
images/000023927.jpg	hand to the old man in time of need. The young
images/000023928.jpg	ot real fire”.The sparrow continued: “I think a
images/000023929.jpg	ere was a hungry fox that was looking for somethi
images/000023930.jpg	nails. The fence never look the same! It
images/000023931.jpg	 obsessed with the disappearance of all 
images/000023932.jpg	to the hole.”Computers and Modern LifeThe 
images/000023933.jpg	river and noticed that the bags of salt loaded o
images/000023934.jpg	gathers together to celebrate holidays and ent
images/000023935.jpg	 insights into other cultures and keeps o
images/000023936.jpg	t. The monkeys were sitting on the same t
images/000023937.jpg	do you see there?’The boy replied, ‘a hole i
images/000023938.jpg	king for something to eat. He was very hungry. 
images/000023939.jpg	flies! The continuous effort from the butterfl
images/000023940.jpg	s led to this phenomenon? As far as I kn
images/000023941.jpg	arents may not be in favor of their children'
images/000023942.jpg	 I like playing soccer.During the summer ho
images/000023943.jpg	ed to leave the trunk and drink some water from 
images/000023944.jpg	d the wings would be beautiful and large
images/000023945.jpg	e for food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tre
images/000023946.jpg	s keep their minds open to each other's outlooks
images/000023947.jpg	t that at any time, the butterfly might expand
images/000023948.jpg	fore you catch a cold.”Change Yourself and
images/000023949.jpg	things may turn out for the better. Humanism make
images/000023950.jpg	 student obsessed with the disappearance of al
images/000023951.jpg	hrough the verbal usage. While he forgot wh
images/000023952.jpg	ect and tolerance, many things may turn 
images/000023953.jpg	le's ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Pare
images/000023954.jpg	 talk over their problems with each other 
images/000023955.jpg	die? For all the answers, stick your thu
images/000023956.jpg	old duties, including the children. Chin
images/000023957.jpg	e parents of the little boy were very depr
images/000023958.jpg	housework. She was really tired when I was go
images/000023959.jpg	effort.A sparrow came flying to its nest. The
images/000023960.jpg	is anger and develop kindness. Unfortuna
images/000023961.jpg	ained to his ministers that the roads were
images/000023962.jpg	d to the fence was reduced and the day a
images/000023963.jpg	 your spoken English will be. Nothing in the wo
images/000023964.jpg	d himself, “I wish that I had thought a li
images/000023965.jpg	ry difficult to hammer the nails and decided to c
images/000023966.jpg	l embarrassed when making some embarrassing mista
images/000023967.jpg	idated even though you find others speak
images/000023968.jpg	 used a great deal. There is a drastic incre
images/000023969.jpg	unately, all their attempts failed. Final
images/000023970.jpg	r were like that! Words are more painful than ph
images/000023971.jpg	nger were like that! Words are more pain
images/000023972.jpg	nto wings. Thus, the body would become lighter 
images/000023973.jpg	 king thought that he had to change this for t
images/000023974.jpg	onkeys were sitting on the same tree. She not
images/000023975.jpg	e weather was freezing. A group of monke
images/000023976.jpg	ou think he will come if I write to him?” Emi
images/000023977.jpg	r several hours, there was no progress. It seem
images/000023978.jpg	e idea. Let’s go home now before you catch a co
images/000023979.jpg	f, “I wish that I had thought a little bef
images/000023980.jpg	lot of time around butterflies. He knew how a bu
images/000023981.jpg	 Both sides should talk over their problems wi
images/000023982.jpg	 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly. The
images/000023983.jpg	ity of English reading comprehension, on
images/000023984.jpg	y, the butterfly looked no longer beautiful and
images/000023985.jpg	come out of its cocoon would let the flu
images/000023986.jpg	 the meaning of humanism. If we treat our
images/000023987.jpg	 better your spoken English will be. Nothing in
images/000023988.jpg	anism calls for us to pay closer attention to ou
images/000023989.jpg	ssed due to his bad temper. The boy used to get 
images/000023990.jpg	 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number climbs m
images/000023991.jpg	w travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, t
images/000023992.jpg	 some water from a nearby spring. However, no 
images/000023993.jpg	ell into the river and wasted all the bag
images/000023994.jpg	pitable. The family gathers together to 
images/000023995.jpg	extbooks or jonrnals and attend English lectu
images/000023996.jpg	n.The merchant quickly discovered the donkey’s 
images/000023997.jpg	up his anger and develop kindness. Unfortunately
images/000023998.jpg	 noticed that the bags of salt loaded on his back
images/000023999.jpg	people can afford their own personal computers.
images/000024000.jpg	ry of "The Right Son at the Right Time". T
images/000024001.jpg	ut of its cocoon would let the fluid stored in t
images/000024002.jpg	r, his friends and neighbours avoided him.
images/000024003.jpg	d generation is too conservative to accept anyt
images/000024004.jpg	food, bread, meat and fruit in it!An old woo
images/000024005.jpg	e saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant th
images/000024006.jpg	le pain in his feet as it was his first t
images/000024007.jpg	returned to the palace. He was quite happy that 
images/000024008.jpg	he same time they must keep in mind that dif
images/000024009.jpg	own trees in the forest. He was going to eat
images/000024010.jpg	s born, the first surroundings is the family in
images/000024011.jpg	ticed what they were doing. The sparrow la
images/000024012.jpg	ed - what was his alternative idea. The m
images/000024013.jpg	n returned home again but re-loaded his d
images/000024014.jpg	The king was very much surprised by his sugge
images/000024015.jpg	dvice or set themselves against what the
images/000024016.jpg	depressed due to his bad temper. The boy used to
images/000024017.jpg	oads as it would be painful for them too!He made
images/000024018.jpg	esponsible for solving the problem. As long as
images/000024019.jpg	 to travel by foot to interact with his peo
images/000024020.jpg	 what was his alternative idea. The minister to
images/000024021.jpg	us and accepted to do what his father sai
images/000024022.jpg	f the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fo
images/000024023.jpg	s. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we could 
images/000024024.jpg	ned to hear his order as it would destroy
images/000024025.jpg	 nail to the fence every time he became angry an
images/000024026.jpg	the fence. However, there remained a few
images/000024027.jpg	ed his donkey with bags of salt to go to
images/000024028.jpg	ts branches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish 
images/000024029.jpg	ence was reduced and the day arrived when no nai
images/000024030.jpg	e larger opening for the butterfly and removed
images/000024031.jpg	ian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's gir
images/000024032.jpg	rious and accepted to do what his father said
images/000024033.jpg	hole and when he opened the package, he saw the
images/000024034.jpg	ved when no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did
images/000024035.jpg	n English well. In order to improve the ability o
images/000024036.jpg	merly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend
images/000024037.jpg	As parents, they should learn to understand
images/000024038.jpg	ne can get into the society and become sociable
images/000024039.jpg	ain friends. The household is always friendly, we
images/000024040.jpg	ed that the bags of salt loaded on his back becam
images/000024041.jpg	tres at distant places. He decided to tr
images/000024042.jpg	nglish better than you. Participate in all o
images/000024043.jpg	rt Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOn
images/000024044.jpg	the other is friends.After one was born, the
images/000024045.jpg	are so happy to see me do well in the ex
images/000024046.jpg	e invited all worries for his parents throu
images/000024047.jpg	e problem of generation gap, people's ideas 
images/000024048.jpg	he tried, the fox could not find food. Finally he
images/000024049.jpg	le he forgot what he spoke in anger, his f
images/000024050.jpg	rs' experience-based advice or set themsel
images/000024051.jpg	tunately, the donkey slipped and fell int
images/000024052.jpg	 the same cloth. Parents may not be in favo
images/000024053.jpg	in happy families tend to have many pleasan
images/000024054.jpg	 the package, he saw there were a lot of food, br
images/000024055.jpg	ach other actively, sincerely and frankly
images/000024056.jpg	 shelter, while friends give them strength and co
images/000024057.jpg	n there forever. Your bad temper and anger w
images/000024058.jpg	 time of need. The young man's actions w
images/000024059.jpg	e, I want to help her in the holidays.What will
images/000024060.jpg	that I want to do. For exampie,first I will ji
images/000024061.jpg	d seminars, write letters, etc.Students should 
images/000024062.jpg	ody reduced.Unfortunately, the butterfly ju
images/000024063.jpg	armony and unity. Each member of the famil
images/000024064.jpg	 He ordered for a pair of leather shoes for hi
images/000024065.jpg	limbs more than ten times up, indicating com
images/000024066.jpg	body with small and withered wings.The man was 
images/000024067.jpg	wish that I had thought a little before j
images/000024068.jpg	ame tree. She noticed what they were doing. The
images/000024069.jpg	Family Life in ChinaThe members in a C
images/000024070.jpg	together, with several generations gathering ar
images/000024071.jpg	ife of thousands of cows to get the sufficient 
images/000024072.jpg	ought that at any time, the butterfly might exp
images/000024073.jpg	utiful and had a swollen body with small and wit
images/000024074.jpg	r. He ordered for a pair of leather shoes for him
images/000024075.jpg	the forest. He was going to eat it for his l
images/000024076.jpg	emed that the butterfly tried its best and co
images/000024077.jpg	d eating, he felt thirsty and decided to leave th
images/000024078.jpg	beliefs that focuses on common human need
images/000024079.jpg	 we say that families offer the environmen
images/000024080.jpg	hant could do, except return home where he lo
images/000024081.jpg	he world, the gap between them will be narrow
images/000024082.jpg	r and it would cost a huge amount of money als
images/000024083.jpg	es. Some students need it to read English te
images/000024084.jpg	 its way to enjoy its world. He decided to si
images/000024085.jpg	 watching the butterfly struggling to br
images/000024086.jpg	e nails and decided to control his tempe
images/000024087.jpg	g some embarrassing mistakes.In short, the mos
images/000024088.jpg	orld as it is, so they are the dearest parts i
images/000024089.jpg	an remove the nails but still see the holes in 
images/000024090.jpg	y in which he will grow up. Parents are chil
images/000024091.jpg	hers with his words. His bad temper made him
images/000024092.jpg	 scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make larg
images/000024093.jpg	py. He jumped into the hole and when he o
images/000024094.jpg	ther cultures and keeps our minds open to b
images/000024095.jpg	et competition, the price has been marked dow
images/000024096.jpg	havior. In the event of a life-threatening eme
images/000024097.jpg	y. Don't feel embarrassed when making some embarr
images/000024098.jpg	ant part in shaping children's personalit
images/000024099.jpg	wn trees in the forest. He was going to eat i
images/000024100.jpg	de the butterfly come out of the cocoon without 
images/000024101.jpg	r. The little boy found it hilarious and ac
images/000024102.jpg	hem.Both generations should be responsible 
images/000024103.jpg	ey don’t care how I do well in the exam, they
images/000024104.jpg	bsessed with the disappearance of all the b
images/000024105.jpg	s father gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked 
images/000024106.jpg	 one was born, the first surroundings is 
images/000024107.jpg	 generations is common.Chinese families are
images/000024108.jpg	ings.The man was happy that he made the
images/000024109.jpg	and over again so that many people can affor
images/000024110.jpg	were stunned to hear his order as it would 
images/000024111.jpg	to change this for the betterment and happines
images/000024112.jpg	nto the river and wasted all the bags of salt 
images/000024113.jpg	ink the body and the wings could support the body
images/000024114.jpg	on and taunt others with his words. His bad tempe
images/000024115.jpg	 that focuses on common human needs and see
images/000024116.jpg	ter. As parents, they should learn to understand
images/000024117.jpg	ea. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to k
images/000024118.jpg	ommitment and discipline to learn Englis
images/000024119.jpg	dom were very happy as they had a very prosper
images/000024120.jpg	 nearby cave.The Hungry Fox who got Caug
images/000024121.jpg	aid, “he hasn’t been around this part of the
images/000024122.jpg	Dent is plucked off the planet by his fr
images/000024123.jpg	mily also didn’t know much about Christmas.”W
images/000024124.jpg	tab a man with a knife, but the wound will
images/000024125.jpg	ufficient quantity of leather and it would cost 
images/000024126.jpg	a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically depr
images/000024127.jpg	ne day, my parents tell me that they don’t care
images/000024128.jpg	at was never able to live a life like a bu
images/000024129.jpg	ime around butterflies. He knew how a butter
images/000024130.jpg	, the fox could not find food. Finally he went t
images/000024131.jpg	fireflies. One of the young monkeys thought it w
images/000024132.jpg	 speak, the better your spoken English will be. 
images/000024133.jpg	 our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline o
images/000024134.jpg	haping children's character. As parents, they 
images/000024135.jpg	r. He told his father that it was several days
images/000024136.jpg	 of the kingdom were very happy as they had a ver
images/000024137.jpg	the world a more beautiful place to live i
images/000024138.jpg	y and to lose his temper. The little boy
images/000024139.jpg	 parents, they are so happy to see me do wel
images/000024140.jpg	d and the day arrived when no nail was hammer
images/000024141.jpg	tz appeared with his little niece Emily and in
images/000024142.jpg	ced and the day arrived when no nail was h
images/000024143.jpg	ring presents to animal children?” Emily
images/000024144.jpg	r taking care of me, she also has to work. T
images/000024145.jpg	en and keep the lines of communications 
images/000024146.jpg	mper. The little boy found it hilarious and accep
images/000024147.jpg	 being. Some think that maybe the old genera
images/000024148.jpg	tinuous attempts for several hours, ther
images/000024149.jpg	ance in face of hardship. Don't be intimi
images/000024150.jpg	o you want to kill the holy animal cow t
images/000024151.jpg	lgrim centres and could see his fellow people 
images/000024152.jpg	ll in the exam, I will show my paper to my pare
images/000024153.jpg	 former graduate student obsessed with the disa
images/000024154.jpg	nts through the verbal usage. While he forgot wh
images/000024155.jpg	ing hand to the old man in time of need. 
images/000024156.jpg	arents are children's first teachers, so fami
images/000024157.jpg	t parts in one's life.Family Life in China
images/000024158.jpg	ortant as actual medical treatment.In the c
images/000024159.jpg	e ordered for a pair of leather shoes fo
images/000024160.jpg	ant to kill the holy animal cow to cover the ro
images/000024161.jpg	 to pull out most of the nails from the fe
images/000024162.jpg	people leading a propitious life. However, he 
images/000024163.jpg	pparent in the story of "The Right Son at the R
images/000024164.jpg	rough the verbal usage. While he forgot what he
images/000024165.jpg	o celebrate holidays and entertain friends.
images/000024166.jpg	. Except for taking care of me, she also h
images/000024167.jpg	ecided to travel by foot to interact with 
images/000024168.jpg	rowth. One is family, and the other is frien
images/000024169.jpg	r set themselves against what the elders have
images/000024170.jpg	ammered on the fence was reduced to half
images/000024171.jpg	s they reached the slippery riverbank, now deli
images/000024172.jpg	,” I said, “he hasn’t been around this part of th
images/000024173.jpg	he made the butterfly come out of the cocoo
images/000024174.jpg	w hard he tried, he could not get out of the ho
images/000024175.jpg	 The number climbs more than ten times up, ind
images/000024176.jpg	temper made him fall for angry words. He sco
images/000024177.jpg	butterflies and had a craze for its wond
images/000024178.jpg	 born, the first surroundings is the family
images/000024179.jpg	lerate the pain as he walked all the way thro
images/000024180.jpg	es - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful
images/000024181.jpg	for several hours. He spent almost more than 
images/000024182.jpg	s reduced and the day arrived when no nai
images/000024183.jpg	tity of leather and it would cost a huge amou
images/000024184.jpg	 she also has to work. Therefore, I want
images/000024185.jpg	to the hole and when he opened the package, 
images/000024186.jpg	te happy that he visited many pilgrim cent
images/000024187.jpg	n, you cannot pull out a few nails. The fe
images/000024188.jpg	work. She was really tired when I was go to schoo
images/000024189.jpg	him to remove the nails every day as he had cont
images/000024190.jpg	ever, no matter how hard he tried, he could not g
images/000024191.jpg	? As far as I know, it involves several reasons
images/000024192.jpg	heir problems with each other actively, sincere
images/000024193.jpg	em. As long as both sides keep their minds o
images/000024194.jpg	er. Humanism makes the world a more beautiful pla
images/000024195.jpg	ave”. The monkeys did not listen to the spar
images/000024196.jpg	ilized world humanism plays an important rol
images/000024197.jpg	 father gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked 
images/000024198.jpg	human goodness can remind us of the meaning of
images/000024199.jpg	 to kill the holy animal cow to cover the road w
images/000024200.jpg	ch worried about the people who used to walk al
images/000024201.jpg	puters are now widely applied in almost every f
images/000024202.jpg	 for a pair of leather shoes for him and re
images/000024203.jpg	pain as he walked all the way through the rough
images/000024204.jpg	plied in almost every field of our life. M
images/000024205.jpg	s never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She d
images/000024206.jpg	s it was his first trip by foot to longer 
images/000024207.jpg	to socialize together, with several gene
images/000024208.jpg	of communications with them open, at the same ti
images/000024209.jpg	c pair began a journey through space aide
images/000024210.jpg	 comes from an unappealing worm! Here is th
images/000024211.jpg	f nails hammered to the fence was reduced a
images/000024212.jpg	 successful English learning is perseverance in
images/000024213.jpg	 family are respectively more than in othe
images/000024214.jpg	 and tolerance, many things may turn out for the
images/000024215.jpg	ced and the day arrived when no nail was
images/000024216.jpg	ir harmony and unity. Each member of the fami
images/000024217.jpg	nger. Several days passed and the boy was abl
images/000024218.jpg	me the monkeys became very tired. Now the
images/000024219.jpg	 around butterflies. He knew how a butterfly wo
images/000024220.jpg	home now before you catch a cold.”Change You
images/000024221.jpg	er more, it gives us insights into other cult
images/000024222.jpg	nd huge body. It was never able to fly all thro
images/000024223.jpg	ciety, computers are now widely applied in
images/000024224.jpg	 and removed the remaining cocoon. The butterf
images/000024225.jpg	reduced.Unfortunately, the butterfly just
images/000024226.jpg	ompany them. People of distant places wer
images/000024227.jpg	better your spoken English will be. Nothin
images/000024228.jpg	dents need English and they need it for dif
images/000024229.jpg	u think he will come if I write to him?” Emi
images/000024230.jpg	kly.Who Influences Young Adults MostCou
images/000024231.jpg	ur fellows. Occasional examples of human goodnes
images/000024232.jpg	hough you find others speaking English better 
images/000024233.jpg	n the fence was reduced to half. The little b
images/000024234.jpg	 problem of generation gap, people's ide
images/000024235.jpg	 became very happy. He jumped into the hole 
images/000024236.jpg	understand the world as it is, so they a
images/000024237.jpg	 the day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet,
images/000024238.jpg	 and smaller and the wings would be beautiful and
images/000024239.jpg	nd discipline to learn English well. In order
images/000024240.jpg	he whole country with leather so that people mi
images/000024241.jpg	He said he was very much worried about the pe
images/000024242.jpg	 household is always friendly, welcoming, and 
images/000024243.jpg	n his feet as it was his first trip by foo
images/000024244.jpg	hey both help children to understand the world a
images/000024245.jpg	ame too big to fit through the hole.The fox w
images/000024246.jpg	 human goodness can remind us of the meaning 
images/000024247.jpg	ldren's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young p
images/000024248.jpg	 monkeys were on a tree. They were clinging to 
images/000024249.jpg	lish textbooks or jonrnals and attend English l
images/000024250.jpg	d discipline to learn English well. In order t
images/000024251.jpg	fortunately, the butterfly just crawled around
images/000024252.jpg	puters are now widely applied in almost every 
images/000024253.jpg	id that he had another idea.The king asked - 
images/000024254.jpg	the relationships. Use them to show your hear
images/000024255.jpg	g. The sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey s
images/000024256.jpg	t a cocktail party once upon a time zone; M
images/000024257.jpg	xam. I want to be happy all the time. But I
images/000024258.jpg	who used to walk along those roads as it 
images/000024259.jpg	ts way to enjoy its world. He decided to si
images/000024260.jpg	r to the elders' experience-based advice o
images/000024261.jpg	 playing a more and more important role in m
images/000024262.jpg	h help children to understand the world as it is
images/000024263.jpg	fireflies. One of the young monkeys thought i
images/000024264.jpg	 weren’t comfortable and were very stony.
images/000024265.jpg	 ugly caterpillar into a beautiful one.He saw
images/000024266.jpg	mmer holiday is coming.I am going to do m
images/000024267.jpg	e could not tolerate the pain as he walked
images/000024268.jpg	 road of the whole country with leather 
images/000024269.jpg	 in time of need. The young man's actions
images/000024270.jpg	ut of the cocoon without any more struggle
images/000024271.jpg	y hard for hours to come out through the tiny
images/000024272.jpg	s anger and develop kindness. Unfortunately,
images/000024273.jpg	 nearby spring. However, no matter how hard he t
images/000024274.jpg	istorical importance and pilgrim centres 
images/000024275.jpg	a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to ma
images/000024276.jpg	 applied in almost every field of our life.
images/000024277.jpg	monstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism is ap
images/000024278.jpg	ighter and smaller and the wings would be be
images/000024279.jpg	he caught sight of a big tree with a hole 
images/000024280.jpg	appy that he made the butterfly come out of 
images/000024281.jpg	, indicating computers are playing a more 
images/000024282.jpg	 the bags of salt loaded on his back became
images/000024283.jpg	ing for the butterfly and removed the remaini
images/000024284.jpg	 heavier.Cocoon and the ButterflyMany of us k
images/000024285.jpg	 gathers together to celebrate holidays and
images/000024286.jpg	ant role in shaping children's character.
images/000024287.jpg	The computer has brought a lot of benefits to us.
images/000024288.jpg	rfly was trying to make its way to enjoy
images/000024289.jpg	 go to my grandma's house,because I miss
images/000024290.jpg	ne day, his father gave him a huge bag of na
images/000024291.jpg	duate student obsessed with the disappearanc
images/000024292.jpg	a piece of leather cut in appropriate shape to co
images/000024293.jpg	 outlooks on the world, the gap between the
images/000024294.jpg	earched there for food. Suddenly he caug
images/000024295.jpg	liday?When I do well in the exam, I wil
images/000024296.jpg	 what he spoke in anger, his friends and neighbo
images/000024297.jpg	terfly emerged without any struggle!Unf
images/000024298.jpg	even his friends due to anger. He invited al
images/000024299.jpg	 home where he loaded his donkey with more bag
images/000024300.jpg	ld us. “She doesn’t know much about our 
images/000024301.jpg	betterment and happiness of the people.His min
images/000024302.jpg	 is plucked off the planet by his friend Ford P
images/000024303.jpg	 has to work. Therefore, I want to help her in th
images/000024304.jpg	d a very prosperous life with abundance 
images/000024305.jpg	neration gap exists in our daily life, whether yo
images/000024306.jpg	nions on the reasons why generation gap comes
images/000024307.jpg	ail. In the next few days, the number of 
images/000024308.jpg	s life with abundance of wealth and no misfort
images/000024309.jpg	 hear his order as it would destroy the life of 
images/000024310.jpg	 the same cloth. Parents may not be in f
images/000024311.jpg	ssed with the disappearance of all the b
images/000024312.jpg	 happy that he visited many pilgrim centres
images/000024313.jpg	ould see his fellow people leading a propitious l
images/000024314.jpg	y examples that demonstrate humanism. The
images/000024315.jpg	uld do, except return home where he loaded
images/000024316.jpg	 go on a travel to visit places of histor
images/000024317.jpg	I know, it involves several reasons. With the ra
images/000024318.jpg	eral days that he did not hammer any nail 
images/000024319.jpg	r for several days.Last I will help my mother d
images/000024320.jpg	ponsible for solving the problem. As long as both
images/000024321.jpg	 when I was go to school. Except for taking ca
images/000024322.jpg	d to Emily. “So forget about the whole i
images/000024323.jpg	 eating, he felt thirsty and decided to leave th
images/000024324.jpg	their parents even after they get married. So 
images/000024325.jpg	. The merchant and his donkey were walking along 
images/000024326.jpg	Claus,” I explained, “brings presents and toys to
images/000024327.jpg	nd butterflies. He knew how a butterfly would str
images/000024328.jpg	elping hand to the old man in time of need. T
images/000024329.jpg	 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number cli
images/000024330.jpg	 Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zapho
images/000024331.jpg	Several days passed and the boy was able t
images/000024332.jpg	cialize together, with several generations gather
images/000024333.jpg	he wings expanded or enlarged nor the swolle
images/000024334.jpg	g together. They had not walked far when they re
images/000024335.jpg	 out of the cocoon. He was watching the bu
images/000024336.jpg	ou catch a cold.”Change Yourself and no
images/000024337.jpg	several generations gathering around the te
images/000024338.jpg	d they need it for different purposes. Some stude
images/000024339.jpg	ried to pick up at a cocktail party once u
images/000024340.jpg	ne of cost and the fierce market competi
images/000024341.jpg	 The father appreciated him and asked him pointin
images/000024342.jpg	l of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the t
images/000024343.jpg	ved under the rule of a king. The people of
images/000024344.jpg	urney through space aided by a galaxyful of fe
images/000024345.jpg	hat he visited many pilgrim centres and c
images/000024346.jpg	ith tiny opening. It meant that the butterfly wa
images/000024347.jpg	. Therefore, I want to help her in the holi
images/000024348.jpg	ither turn a deaf ear to the elders' expe
images/000024349.jpg	ears.Where are these pens? Why are we born? Why
images/000024350.jpg	WorldLong ago, people happily lived under
images/000024351.jpg	bal usage. While he forgot what he spoke in an
images/000024352.jpg	embarrassed when making some embarrassin
images/000024353.jpg	ly, welcoming, and generous to visitors who c
images/000024354.jpg	e people who used to walk along those roads as 
images/000024355.jpg	o hammer in the fence for 30 times on the fi
images/000024356.jpg	e letters, etc.Students should have some ideal
images/000024357.jpg	life of thousands of cows to get the sufficient q
images/000024358.jpg	ep their minds open to each other's outlooks on
images/000024359.jpg	r had placed the food in the tree trunk while
images/000024360.jpg	ful and had a swollen body with small and with
images/000024361.jpg	eat. He was very hungry. No matter how h
images/000024362.jpg	nglish-speakers, attend seminars, write letters
images/000024363.jpg	s with his words. His bad temper made him fall fo
images/000024364.jpg	 of nails hammered to the fence was reduced and
images/000024365.jpg	Finally, the boy’s father came up with an id
images/000024366.jpg	actions were the example of humanistic behav
images/000024367.jpg	 different purposes. Some students need it to
images/000024368.jpg	 the monkeys said, “I wish we could find some
images/000024369.jpg	turb both of them. Most of the things that young
images/000024370.jpg	ravelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, th
images/000024371.jpg	ontinuous effort from the butterfly to come out
images/000024372.jpg	ds are more painful than physical abuse! Use
images/000024373.jpg	ssure on myself. One day, my parents tell me th
images/000024374.jpg	ne should get access to a lot of reading materia
images/000024375.jpg	ther beautiful butterflies! The continuous effo
images/000024376.jpg	omes from an unappealing worm! Here is the story
images/000024377.jpg	 several days that he did not hammer any nail 
images/000024378.jpg	new how a butterfly would struggle to transform f
images/000024379.jpg	 happy to see me do well in the exam. I want
images/000024380.jpg	 a passion and love for butterflies decided to he
images/000024381.jpg	his donkey with more bags of salt. As they re
images/000024382.jpg	rm! Here is the story of a butterfly that was 
images/000024383.jpg	ng materials, which can also help accumulate
images/000024384.jpg	hinese families tend to socialize together,
images/000024385.jpg	crease of the hours that people spend on compute
images/000024386.jpg	e exam, they just want me to be happy. I know
images/000024387.jpg	spent almost more than 10 hours with the coco
images/000024388.jpg	ent factors which affect a person's growth. On
images/000024389.jpg	ns. With the rapid progressing of the society, c
images/000024390.jpg	nts even after they get married. So a househo
images/000024391.jpg	rim centres at distant places. He decided
images/000024392.jpg	 English textbooks or jonrnals and attend 
images/000024393.jpg	g morning, a merchant loaded his donkey with ba
images/000024394.jpg	ntolerable pain in his feet as it was his 
images/000024395.jpg	onkey with bags of salt to go to the mar
images/000024396.jpg	he sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly
images/000024397.jpg	 hammered on the fence was reduced to half. Th
images/000024398.jpg	uous attempts for several hours, there was
images/000024399.jpg	ad temper and anger were like that! Words are mor
images/000024400.jpg	 and they need it for different purposes. Some 
images/000024401.jpg	. The merchant and his donkey were walking 
images/000024402.jpg	ammered to the fence was reduced and the day 
images/000024403.jpg	e have different opinions on the reasons 
images/000024404.jpg	 them. The merchant and his donkey were wal
images/000024405.jpg	oot to interact with his people and acco
images/000024406.jpg	 monkeys thought it was fire.He caught a fir
images/000024407.jpg	for hours to come out through the tiny openi
images/000024408.jpg	never look the same! It has scars all over! Yo
images/000024409.jpg	the bags of salt on its back again.The me
images/000024410.jpg	s a system of beliefs that focuses on common
images/000024411.jpg	a hole in the fence!’He told the boy, “The n
images/000024412.jpg	orried about the people who used to walk along th
images/000024413.jpg	u see. Santa Claus is only for human children,”
images/000024414.jpg	and noticed that the bags of salt loaded on his 
images/000024415.jpg	ails hammered to the fence was reduced and the 
images/000024416.jpg	ncluding the children. Chinese families t
images/000024417.jpg	 time he became angry and to lose his temper. Th
images/000024418.jpg	, while friends give them strength and coura
images/000024419.jpg	der the rule of a king. The people of the
images/000024420.jpg	 with his father and mother. He was the only son 
images/000024421.jpg	ld see his fellow people leading a propitious 
images/000024422.jpg	, the first surroundings is the family in w
images/000024423.jpg	the society, so by contacting with frien
images/000024424.jpg	elves against what the elders have been proud 
images/000024425.jpg	ul than physical abuse! Use words for good. Us
images/000024426.jpg	h the struggles the butterfly would have emerged
images/000024427.jpg	munications with them open, at the same time
images/000024428.jpg	ulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making
images/000024429.jpg	summer holiday, I want to practice more t
images/000024430.jpg	n physical abuse! Use words for good. Us
images/000024431.jpg	y and decided to leave the trunk and drink some 
images/000024432.jpg	vely, sincerely and frankly.Who Influen
images/000024433.jpg	sked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you see t
images/000024434.jpg	l reasons. With the rapid progressing of the s
images/000024435.jpg	A sparrow came flying to its nest. The monke
images/000024436.jpg	There was nothing the merchant could do, except r
images/000024437.jpg	all their attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s fat
images/000024438.jpg	 These different ideas disturb both of them. Mos
images/000024439.jpg	ntenance of our society. Humanism calls f
images/000024440.jpg	en's first teachers, so family does play an impo
images/000024441.jpg	Unfortunately, the donkey slipped and fell int
images/000024442.jpg	benefits to us. It makes us do things more 
images/000024443.jpg	ences Young Adults MostCountless factors may in
images/000024444.jpg	es.The foolish, tricky donkey again set o
images/000024445.jpg	ery stony. He could not tolerate the pain
images/000024446.jpg	en years, has been posing as an out-of-work acto
images/000024447.jpg	s father that it was several days that he
images/000024448.jpg	asked - what was his alternative idea. The minist
images/000024449.jpg	 the cold air.“Santa Claus,” I explaine
images/000024450.jpg	 summer holiday, I want to practice more to imp
images/000024451.jpg	d neighbours avoided him.His mother and fat
images/000024452.jpg	rge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrass
images/000024453.jpg	s are not cut from the same cloth. Parents may no
images/000024454.jpg	s alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why do 
images/000024455.jpg	n though you find others speaking English bette
images/000024456.jpg	 first day! Every time he lost his temper,
images/000024457.jpg	He got a pair of scissors and tweaked th
images/000024458.jpg	 number of nails hammered to the fence was 
images/000024459.jpg	ing all the human children to have much ti
images/000024460.jpg	isturb both of them. Most of the things t
images/000024461.jpg	 He was very hungry. No matter how hard he t
images/000024462.jpg	rchant loaded his donkey with bags of salt to g
images/000024463.jpg	th sides keep their minds open to each other's o
images/000024464.jpg	n's growth. One is family, and the other is 
images/000024465.jpg	 he tried, the fox could not find food. Fi
images/000024466.jpg	McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur trie
images/000024467.jpg	s. He knew how a butterfly would struggle to t
images/000024468.jpg	from a nearby spring. However, no matter how hard
images/000024469.jpg	ents through the verbal usage. While he forgot
images/000024470.jpg	He caught a firefly. He put it under a dr
images/000024471.jpg	 English learning. It requires much time
images/000024472.jpg	t want me to be happy. I know I should rel
images/000024473.jpg	 at the same time they must keep in mind that 
images/000024474.jpg	ing soccer.During the summer holiday, I want
images/000024475.jpg	aphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, e
images/000024476.jpg	tell me that they don’t care how I do well i
images/000024477.jpg	s part of the forest for many years. I guess he 
images/000024478.jpg	y; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zapho
images/000024479.jpg	ely, neither the wings expanded or enlarged no
images/000024480.jpg	e country with leather so that people might fee
images/000024481.jpg	characters. If we say that families offer the e
images/000024482.jpg	an (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlf
images/000024483.jpg	eral weeks, he returned to the palace. He
images/000024484.jpg	oblem of generation gap, people's ideas ar
images/000024485.jpg	remain there forever. Your bad temper and
images/000024486.jpg	ut instead of the load becoming lighter, it be
images/000024487.jpg	forest and searched there for food. Sudde
images/000024488.jpg	ce upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, bril
images/000024489.jpg	mmered a nail. In the next few days, the numb
images/000024490.jpg	appily began to eat. After the fox had finishe
images/000024491.jpg	n many ways to give up his anger and develo
images/000024492.jpg	the fox had eaten so much food that he became
images/000024493.jpg	sh learning is perseverance in face of hardsh
images/000024494.jpg	ng those roads as it would be painful for them t
images/000024495.jpg	s of salt loaded on his back became lighter
images/000024496.jpg	face of hardship. Don't be intimidated even tho
images/000024497.jpg	s parents, they should learn to understand the
images/000024498.jpg	ing the children. Chinese families tend to 
images/000024499.jpg	 in anger, his friends and neighbours avoide
images/000024500.jpg	not be in favor of their children's hairsty
images/000024501.jpg	 that it was several days that he did no
images/000024502.jpg	e can get into the society and become sociabl
images/000024503.jpg	r actively, sincerely and frankly.Who I
images/000024504.jpg	he minister told, ‘Why do you want to kil
images/000024505.jpg	eople and accompany them. People of distant 
images/000024506.jpg	The man was happy that he made the butterfl
images/000024507.jpg	continued: “I think all of you should take shelt
images/000024508.jpg	you find others speaking English better than
images/000024509.jpg	e of all the ballpoint pens he's bought over the
images/000024510.jpg	nglish reading comprehension, one should 
images/000024511.jpg	l see the holes in the fence. Again, you
images/000024512.jpg	s. Occasional examples of human goodness can 
images/000024513.jpg	ut of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the
images/000024514.jpg	riend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revis
images/000024515.jpg	 while some students need to use it to tal
images/000024516.jpg	ke playing soccer.During the summer holiday, I
images/000024517.jpg	 household is always friendly, welcoming, an
images/000024518.jpg	ith leather so that people might feel comfortab
images/000024519.jpg	 a drastic increase of the hours that people spen
images/000024520.jpg	 your bad temper and they were hammered 
images/000024521.jpg	rom a nearby spring. However, no matter how h
images/000024522.jpg	the butterfly fly with its beautiful wing
images/000024523.jpg	r the fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty
images/000024524.jpg	ents, they are so happy to see me do well 
images/000024525.jpg	age, a little boy lived with his father and mothe
images/000024526.jpg	our feet?’The king was very much surprised
images/000024527.jpg	th each other actively, sincerely and frankly
images/000024528.jpg	 is apparent in the story of "The Right Son 
images/000024529.jpg	 to lose his temper. The little boy foun
images/000024530.jpg	onkey again set on its way. On reaching the
images/000024531.jpg	father that it was several days that he di
images/000024532.jpg	ther and it would cost a huge amount of money a
images/000024533.jpg	 On reaching the river he again fell int
images/000024534.jpg	as quite eager to watch the butterfly fly with
images/000024535.jpg	ut the people who used to walk along those roads 
images/000024536.jpg	t has scars all over! You can stab a man with
images/000024537.jpg	 consoled him in many ways to give up his anger a
images/000024538.jpg	ant to help her in the holidays.What will you d
images/000024539.jpg	others with his words. His bad temper made
images/000024540.jpg	beautiful butterflies! The continuous effo
images/000024541.jpg	told the boy, “The nails were your bad tempe
images/000024542.jpg	 know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food th
images/000024543.jpg	that the roads weren’t comfortable and w
images/000024544.jpg	the boy did not lose his temper. He told his fat
images/000024545.jpg	here was no progress. It seemed that the bu
images/000024546.jpg	 that there might be food in it, and he became v
images/000024547.jpg	nt to stay with her for several days.Last 
images/000024548.jpg	He had intolerable pain in his feet as it
images/000024549.jpg	me zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and
images/000024550.jpg	ing worm! Here is the story of a butterfly that 
images/000024551.jpg	 to help the butterfly. He got a pair of 
images/000024552.jpg	eanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost and th
images/000024553.jpg	my skills.Second I will go to my grandma's hou
images/000024554.jpg	 The soldier extended a helping hand to 
images/000024555.jpg	 will go to my grandma's house,because I miss h
images/000024556.jpg	y applied in almost every field of our life. 
images/000024557.jpg	ery sad and upset. He told himself, “I wis
images/000024558.jpg	flying to its nest. The monkeys were sittin
images/000024559.jpg	ng. Unfortunately, even after continuous a
images/000024560.jpg	at was never able to live a life like a bu
images/000024561.jpg	o its branches. One of the monkeys said, “I
images/000024562.jpg	f you should take shelter in a cave”. The monk
images/000024563.jpg	d himself, “I wish that I had thought a little be
images/000024564.jpg	orld, the gap between them will be narrowed 
images/000024565.jpg	lternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you 
images/000024566.jpg	t of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tric
images/000024567.jpg	lay an important role in shaping children's ch
images/000024568.jpg	ngs presents and toys to human children at C
images/000024569.jpg	on with their king and they were proud that
images/000024570.jpg	would destroy the life of thousands of cows to
images/000024571.jpg	urned to the palace. He was quite happy 
images/000024572.jpg	em to embrace the relationships. Use them to
images/000024573.jpg	h we could find some fire. It will help u
images/000024574.jpg	m were very happy as they had a very prospe
images/000024575.jpg	s, shrink the body and the wings could suppor
images/000024576.jpg	l weeks, he returned to the palace. He was quite 
images/000024577.jpg	ll the time. But I have put so much pressure 
images/000024578.jpg	fox was very sad and upset. He told himself, “I w
images/000024579.jpg	er made him fall for angry words. He scolded ki
images/000024580.jpg	o transform from an ugly caterpillar int
images/000024581.jpg	ren's character. As parents, they should learn t
images/000024582.jpg	tick your thumb to the stars!Summer holid
images/000024583.jpg	 appeal to different generations. Those who gr
images/000024584.jpg	.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, sh
images/000024585.jpg	to English-speakers, attend seminars, write lette
images/000024586.jpg	e some students need to use it to talk to 
images/000024587.jpg	oking for something to eat. He was very 
images/000024588.jpg	father came up with an idea.One day, his fathe
images/000024589.jpg	ome time the monkeys became very tired. Now the
images/000024590.jpg	ildren to understand the world as it is, so t
images/000024591.jpg	for hours to come out through the tiny open
images/000024592.jpg	 hard he tried, he could not get out of th
images/000024593.jpg	out of the cocoon without any more struggles
images/000024594.jpg	d, “he hasn’t been around this part of the
images/000024595.jpg	 die? For all the answers, stick your thumb 
images/000024596.jpg	s into other cultures and keeps our minds
images/000024597.jpg	timidated even though you find others speaking E
images/000024598.jpg	 was freezing. A group of monkeys were on a tre
images/000024599.jpg	with friends one can get into the society and
images/000024600.jpg	ad temper made him fall for angry words. He sco
images/000024601.jpg	sed to walk along those roads as it would be pain
images/000024602.jpg	 when no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not 
images/000024603.jpg	haping children's character. As parents,
images/000024604.jpg	ontacting with friends one can get into the soci
images/000024605.jpg	ng of the society, computers are now widely
images/000024606.jpg	e! It has scars all over! You can stab a 
images/000024607.jpg	ticed a flock of fireflies. One of the y
images/000024608.jpg	poor firefly.After some time the monkeys becam
images/000024609.jpg	 forget about the whole idea. Let’s go hom
images/000024610.jpg	ed when no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did 
images/000024611.jpg	There are two apparent factors which affect 
images/000024612.jpg	support the body.  Unfortunately, neither 
images/000024613.jpg	is friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for th
images/000024614.jpg	f historical importance and pilgrim centres at di
images/000024615.jpg	 morning, a merchant loaded his donkey with bags
images/000024616.jpg	ling worm! Here is the story of a butterfly 
images/000024617.jpg	ere proud that their king was so kind with 
images/000024618.jpg	d tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening for t
images/000024619.jpg	w that a beautiful and colourful butterfly come
images/000024620.jpg	hole.”Computers and Modern LifeThe comp
images/000024621.jpg	 very tired. Now they realized what the sparrow 
images/000024622.jpg	so that many people can afford their own persona
images/000024623.jpg	t a huge amount of money also.A wise man fro
images/000024624.jpg	ve put so much pressure on myself. One day, my p
images/000024625.jpg	ad eaten so much food that he became too
images/000024626.jpg	 was very much worried about the people who used 
images/000024627.jpg	 beautiful butterflies! The continuous effort
images/000024628.jpg	 temper made him fall for angry words. He s
images/000024629.jpg	wings. Thus, the body would become lighter 
images/000024630.jpg	ever able to fly all through its life.Alth
images/000024631.jpg	n just have a piece of leather cut in approp
images/000024632.jpg	appy. He jumped into the hole and when he opened 
images/000024633.jpg	s he also bring presents to animal children?”
images/000024634.jpg	on's growth. One is family, and the other 
images/000024635.jpg	ters are playing a more and more important r
images/000024636.jpg	ly looked no longer beautiful and had a swo
images/000024637.jpg	ebrate holidays and entertain friends. T
images/000024638.jpg	body. It was never able to fly all through
images/000024639.jpg	ou can just have a piece of leather cut in 
images/000024640.jpg	er the road with leather? Rather, you can just h
images/000024641.jpg	 reached a river on the road.Unfortunately
images/000024642.jpg	and searched there for food. Suddenly he caught 
images/000024643.jpg	t the butterfly was trying to make its way
images/000024644.jpg	 of thousands of cows to get the sufficient
images/000024645.jpg	n, you cannot pull out a few nails. The fence
images/000024646.jpg	 he is too busy visiting all the human chi
images/000024647.jpg	 Unfortunately, even after continuous attempts f
images/000024648.jpg	am, I will show my paper to my parents, they a
images/000024649.jpg	 gathers together to celebrate holidays and 
images/000024650.jpg	These different ideas disturb both of them. Mos
images/000024651.jpg	do things more quickly. Further more, it gives us
images/000024652.jpg	ant that the butterfly was trying to make its 
images/000024653.jpg	e whole idea. Let’s go home now before you catc
images/000024654.jpg	Emily is from the South and has never seen snow b
images/000024655.jpg	 boy were very depressed due to his bad te
images/000024656.jpg	d clothes. Young people either turn a deaf ear t
images/000024657.jpg	me.  The father appreciated him and asked him p
images/000024658.jpg	n the exam, I will show my paper to my par
images/000024659.jpg	e the monkeys became very tired. Now they real
images/000024660.jpg	ould get access to a lot of reading materials, wh
images/000024661.jpg	ore struggles. He continued to watch the
images/000024662.jpg	 bad temper. The boy used to get angry ve
images/000024663.jpg	river he again fell into the water. But instea
images/000024664.jpg	stored in the body convert into wings. Thus, 
images/000024665.jpg	 its nest. The monkeys were sitting on the same 
images/000024666.jpg	butterfly had been struggling very hard for
images/000024667.jpg	any them. People of distant places were so happy
images/000024668.jpg	ny struggle!Unfortunately, the butterfly l
images/000024669.jpg	, the butterfly looked no longer beautiful a
images/000024670.jpg	d even his friends due to anger. He invi
images/000024671.jpg	some water from a nearby spring. However, n
images/000024672.jpg	ls but still see the holes in the fence.
images/000024673.jpg	to account. These different ideas disturb both 
images/000024674.jpg	puter is a wonderful machine. Today it is u
images/000024675.jpg	f us know that a beautiful and colourful butter
images/000024676.jpg	he man, who had a passion and love for butter
images/000024677.jpg	he holidays.What will you do on Summer Holi
images/000024678.jpg	arried. So a household consisting of three
images/000024679.jpg	 need it for different purposes. Some studen
images/000024680.jpg	ocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making
images/000024681.jpg	see. Santa Claus is only for human children,” F
images/000024682.jpg	t for taking care of me, she also has to work.
images/000024683.jpg	r, his friends and neighbours avoided him.Hi
images/000024684.jpg	t in it!An old woodcutter had placed the 
images/000024685.jpg	. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a fire
images/000024686.jpg	ly life, whether you admit it or not. When 
images/000024687.jpg	 bags of sponges.The foolish, tricky donk
images/000024688.jpg	food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree wit
images/000024689.jpg	d a flock of fireflies. One of the young
images/000024690.jpg	f "The Right Son at the Right Time". The soldier
images/000024691.jpg	e sparrow. They continued to blow at our po
images/000024692.jpg	ir of leather shoes for him and requested the cou
images/000024693.jpg	butterfly just crawled around with withere
images/000024694.jpg	ether you admit it or not. When it comes to the 
images/000024695.jpg	us to visitors who can drop in on friends
images/000024696.jpg	y Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Ar
images/000024697.jpg	rt the body.  Unfortunately, neither the wi
images/000024698.jpg	His bad temper made him fall for angry w
images/000024699.jpg	nd they need it for different purposes. Some 
images/000024700.jpg	o many things that I want to do. For exampie,
images/000024701.jpg	 courage. They both help children to und
images/000024702.jpg	large your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed 
images/000024703.jpg	flies decided to help the butterfly. He got 
images/000024704.jpg	y reached a river on the road.Unfortunately, th
images/000024705.jpg	ly, all their attempts failed. Finally, the b
images/000024706.jpg	ctors which affect a person's growth. One is
images/000024707.jpg	le, thanks to the decline of cost and the 
images/000024708.jpg	ho is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shiv
images/000024709.jpg	our vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when 
images/000024710.jpg	 can drop in on friends and relatives wi
images/000024711.jpg	 to English-speakers, attend seminars, wr
images/000024712.jpg	ng. A group of monkeys were on a tree. They were 
images/000024713.jpg	g computers are playing a more and more im
images/000024714.jpg	 leather and it would cost a huge amount o
images/000024715.jpg	end a lot of time around butterflies. He k
images/000024716.jpg	The spirit of humanism is apparent in the stor
images/000024717.jpg	slipped and fell into the river and noticed 
images/000024718.jpg	sh learning. It requires much time, commitment an
images/000024719.jpg	ne to learn English well. In order to improve t
images/000024720.jpg	he butterfly. The butterfly had been stru
images/000024721.jpg	easons. With the rapid progressing of the soci
images/000024722.jpg	 know much about Christmas.”Who is Santa
images/000024723.jpg	 river he again fell into the water. But ins
images/000024724.jpg	he boy did not lose his temper. He told his 
images/000024725.jpg	, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to
images/000024726.jpg	le of the kingdom were very happy as they had a
images/000024727.jpg	ole idea. Let’s go home now before you catch a
images/000024728.jpg	her appreciated him and asked him pointing to t
images/000024729.jpg	ls from the fence. However, there remained a few 
images/000024730.jpg	reat our fellows with respect and tolerance, many
images/000024731.jpg	everal days passed and the boy was able to pul
images/000024732.jpg	him and requested the countrymen to wear s
images/000024733.jpg	e more to improve my skills.Second I will g
images/000024734.jpg	families tend to have many pleasant characters. 
images/000024735.jpg	etter. Humanism makes the world a more beauti
images/000024736.jpg	d some fire. It will help us to keep warm”.Sudd
images/000024737.jpg	chant quickly discovered the donkey’s trick. He 
images/000024738.jpg	d. Finally he went to the edge of the for
images/000024739.jpg	those roads as it would be painful for them too!
images/000024740.jpg	terflies decided to help the butterfly. He go
images/000024741.jpg	it to talk to English-speakers, attend sem
images/000024742.jpg	 fence. However, there remained a few nail
images/000024743.jpg	 fence and hammered a nail. In the next fe
images/000024744.jpg	the donkey fell into the river and wasted a
images/000024745.jpg	eave the trunk and drink some water from
images/000024746.jpg	l into the water. But instead of the load
images/000024747.jpg	alk to English-speakers, attend seminars, wri
images/000024748.jpg	chant loaded his donkey with bags of salt t
images/000024749.jpg	 freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the planet b
images/000024750.jpg	proud that their king was so kind with a goo
images/000024751.jpg	ould learn to understand their children and ke
images/000024752.jpg	 on computers per week, ranging from abo
images/000024753.jpg	r several hours, there was no progress. It seem
images/000024754.jpg	neration gap, people's ideas are not cut from the
images/000024755.jpg	d smaller and the wings would be beautiful 
images/000024756.jpg	. One is family, and the other is friends.
images/000024757.jpg	 trip by foot to longer distance. He complai
images/000024758.jpg	t into wings. Thus, the body would become l
images/000024759.jpg	come out of the cocoon. He was watching the butte
images/000024760.jpg	oly animal cow to cover the road with leather
images/000024761.jpg	n stab a man with a knife, but the wound w
images/000024762.jpg	see his fellow people leading a propitious life. 
images/000024763.jpg	 insights into other cultures and keeps our min
images/000024764.jpg	ccer.During the summer holiday, I want to pr
images/000024765.jpg	generation is too conservative to accept a
images/000024766.jpg	 to cover the road of the whole country wi
images/000024767.jpg	et the fluid stored in the body convert into w
images/000024768.jpg	and courage. They both help children to u
images/000024769.jpg	 look the same! It has scars all over! You can st
images/000024770.jpg	 A group of monkeys were on a tree. They were
images/000024771.jpg	 with each other actively, sincerely and 
images/000024772.jpg	nt opinions on the reasons why generation g
images/000024773.jpg	d Veet Voojagig, a former graduate stude
images/000024774.jpg	w, his father told him to remove the nai
images/000024775.jpg	eople. You can remove the nails but still
images/000024776.jpg	n remove the nails but still see the holes in th
images/000024777.jpg	s why generation gap comes into being. Some 
images/000024778.jpg	, there remained a few nails that the boy c
images/000024779.jpg	ills.Second I will go to my grandma's house,beca
images/000024780.jpg	e out of its cocoon would let the fluid stored
images/000024781.jpg	 the hole and when he opened the package, h
images/000024782.jpg	The father appreciated him and asked him
images/000024783.jpg	with several generations gathering around the tel
images/000024784.jpg	y again set on its way. On reaching the r
images/000024785.jpg	gestionand applauded the minister. He ordered f
images/000024786.jpg	nd seeks rational ways of solving human 
images/000024787.jpg	summer holiday, I want to practice more 
images/000024788.jpg	med that the butterfly tried its best and could n
images/000024789.jpg	he meaning of humanism. If we treat our fellows
images/000024790.jpg	one was born, the first surroundings is the fami
images/000024791.jpg	an afford their own personal computers.The compu
images/000024792.jpg	 ways to give up his anger and develop ki
images/000024793.jpg	s difficult for one who sets his mind on 
images/000024794.jpg	t a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf an
images/000024795.jpg	 the environment of living, friends make another
images/000024796.jpg	 so much food that he became too big to 
images/000024797.jpg	a butterfly would struggle to transform from an 
images/000024798.jpg	 on myself. One day, my parents tell me th
images/000024799.jpg	y tried its best and could not give any more 
images/000024800.jpg	l worries for his parents through the verb
images/000024801.jpg	with her for several days.Last I will hel
images/000024802.jpg	evised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to t
images/000024803.jpg	s. Some students need it to read English te
images/000024804.jpg	rfly looked no longer beautiful and had a swolle
images/000024805.jpg	 very hungry. No matter how hard he tried, th
images/000024806.jpg	les in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a 
images/000024807.jpg	nese families tend to socialize together, wi
images/000024808.jpg	it was his first trip by foot to longer distanc
images/000024809.jpg	ldren's first teachers, so family does play an i
images/000024810.jpg	.Last I will help my mother do some housework. 
images/000024811.jpg	e, it gives us insights into other cultures and
images/000024812.jpg	 and weird clothes. Young people either turn a 
images/000024813.jpg	 The spirit of humanism is apparent in the story
images/000024814.jpg	Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t 
images/000024815.jpg	sed due to his bad temper. The boy used 
images/000024816.jpg	 wings and huge body. It was never able to fly
images/000024817.jpg	t their king was so kind with a good heart!Af
images/000024818.jpg	n needs and seeks rational ways of solving human
images/000024819.jpg	almost more than 10 hours with the cocoon and 
images/000024820.jpg	 going through the struggles the butterfly would 
images/000024821.jpg	 need it for different purposes. Some students ne
images/000024822.jpg	spitable. The family gathers together to celebr
images/000024823.jpg	 do you want to kill the holy animal cow to cover
images/000024824.jpg	ddenly he caught sight of a big tree with a
images/000024825.jpg	d, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cock
images/000024826.jpg	utterfly comes from an unappealing worm! Here i
images/000024827.jpg	rfly was trying to make its way to enjoy its wor
images/000024828.jpg	 was two days before Christmas. Harry, Cornel
images/000024829.jpg	her appreciated him and asked him pointing to
images/000024830.jpg	 children warmth, care and shelter, while
images/000024831.jpg	ie,first I will jion a soccer club,becau
images/000024832.jpg	n did it with good intention, only going th
images/000024833.jpg	ain so that many people can afford their own pers
images/000024834.jpg	ort Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I
images/000024835.jpg	e your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrasse
images/000024836.jpg	oundings is the family in which he will grow up. 
images/000024837.jpg	u can remove the nails but still see the
images/000024838.jpg	x-hippie and totally out-to-lunch president of th
images/000024839.jpg	itors who can drop in on friends and relati
images/000024840.jpg	e society, so by contacting with friends
images/000024841.jpg	ather shoes for him and requested the count
images/000024842.jpg	 to understand the world as it is, so they a
images/000024843.jpg	ed when no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy
images/000024844.jpg	 Son at the Right Time". The soldier extended 
images/000024845.jpg	stony. He could not tolerate the pain as he wa
images/000024846.jpg	gs of salt loaded on his back became lighter.
images/000024847.jpg	tterfly would come out of the cocoon. He w
images/000024848.jpg	t lose his temper. He told his father that it 
images/000024849.jpg	d not listen to the sparrow. They continued to
images/000024850.jpg	 the world as it is, so they are the dearest part
images/000024851.jpg	old, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy an
images/000024852.jpg	o on a travel to visit places of historical 
images/000024853.jpg	ommitment and discipline to learn English wel
images/000024854.jpg	open, at the same time they must keep in m
images/000024855.jpg	 and wasted all the bags of salt on its bac
images/000024856.jpg	rds for good. Use them to embrace the rela
images/000024857.jpg	et angry very soon and taunt others with his
images/000024858.jpg	nions on the reasons why generation gap com
images/000024859.jpg	aching the river he again fell into the water. B
images/000024860.jpg	e in all oral activities. The more you speak,
images/000024861.jpg	e who grow up in happy families tend to hav
images/000024862.jpg	 to hear his order as it would destroy the lif
images/000024863.jpg	iving, friends make another important par
images/000024864.jpg	 which he will grow up. Parents are chil
images/000024865.jpg	d totally out-to-lunch president of the galax
images/000024866.jpg	rds. He scolded kids, neighbours and even 
images/000024867.jpg	or him and requested the countrymen to wear
images/000024868.jpg	e more to improve my skills.Second I will go to m
images/000024869.jpg	tiful and colourful butterfly comes from
images/000024870.jpg	ate holidays and entertain friends. The househ
images/000024871.jpg	ber of nails hammered to the fence was reduc
images/000024872.jpg	hirsty and decided to leave the trunk and drink s
images/000024873.jpg	matter how hard he tried, he could not g
images/000024874.jpg	e, I want to help her in the holidays.Wh
images/000024875.jpg	at do you see there?’The boy replied, ‘
images/000024876.jpg	pick up at a cocktail party once upon a time zon
images/000024877.jpg	against what the elders have been proud 
images/000024878.jpg	 spoke in anger, his friends and neighbours av
images/000024879.jpg	covered the donkey’s trick. He then returned home
images/000024880.jpg	body. It was never able to fly all throug
images/000024881.jpg	 wear shoes. FoolsIt was a cold and silent ni
images/000024882.jpg	ews on Generation GapGeneration gap exists 
images/000024883.jpg	m. The merchant and his donkey were walking
images/000024884.jpg	1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number climbs mo
images/000024885.jpg	tree trunk while he cut down trees in the forest.
images/000024886.jpg	river and wasted all the bags of salt on its
images/000024887.jpg	merchant could do, except return home wher
images/000024888.jpg	 of historical importance and pilgrim centres at
images/000024889.jpg	ndly, welcoming, and generous to visitors who can
images/000024890.jpg	econds before Earth is demolished to make way f
images/000024891.jpg	I wish we could find some fire. It will help us
images/000024892.jpg	h you find others speaking English better th
images/000024893.jpg	fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty and de
images/000024894.jpg	Why do we die? For all the answers, stick
images/000024895.jpg	ggling to break the shell for several hours. H
images/000024896.jpg	h reading comprehension, one should get 
images/000024897.jpg	rs to about 19 hours. The number climbs 
images/000024898.jpg	l to visit places of historical importance a
images/000024899.jpg	 a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off t
images/000024900.jpg	 I were busy building a snowman when Fritz
images/000024901.jpg	ldo?” she asked me, shivering in the cold a
images/000024902.jpg	 my parents tell me that they don’t care how 
images/000024903.jpg	nd relatives without previous invitation.Chin
images/000024904.jpg	which affect a person's growth. One is family
images/000024905.jpg	 In China, children live with their parents
images/000024906.jpg	Second I will go to my grandma's house,b
images/000024907.jpg	he problem of generation gap, people's ideas a
images/000024908.jpg	e time the monkeys became very tired. Now the
images/000024909.jpg	to accept anything new. Their voices are not ta
images/000024910.jpg	n years, has been posing as an out-of-work acto
images/000024911.jpg	 home now before you catch a cold.”Chang
images/000024912.jpg	time around butterflies. He knew how a but
images/000024913.jpg	r. He told his father that it was several 
images/000024914.jpg	ning cocoon. The butterfly emerged withou
images/000024915.jpg	 may influence a person's growth. There are
images/000024916.jpg	 the nails but still see the holes in the fence.
images/000024917.jpg	n it!An old woodcutter had placed the food 
images/000024918.jpg	go to my grandma's house,because I miss h
images/000024919.jpg	 more, it gives us insights into other cult
images/000024920.jpg	hildren to understand the world as it is, so
images/000024921.jpg	ty, computers are now widely applied in almost ev
images/000024922.jpg	 the whole idea. Let’s go home now before you cat
images/000024923.jpg	 a knife, but the wound will remain there
images/000024924.jpg	ided to help the butterfly. He got a pair o
images/000024925.jpg	 beautiful and had a swollen body with small 
images/000024926.jpg	d. So a household consisting of three generati
images/000024927.jpg	 the same.  The father appreciated him and a
images/000024928.jpg	 when making some embarrassing mistakes.I
images/000024929.jpg	es against what the elders have been proud
images/000024930.jpg	d that their king was so kind with a good
images/000024931.jpg	iss her very much.I want to stay with her for 
images/000024932.jpg	tter your spoken English will be. Nothing in
images/000024933.jpg	the meaning of humanism. If we treat our 
images/000024934.jpg	embrace the relationships. Use them to show y
images/000024935.jpg	 A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful sp
images/000024936.jpg	 ballpoint pens he's bought over the years.
images/000024937.jpg	oint pens he's bought over the years.Whe
images/000024938.jpg	 Why are we born? Why do we die? For all t
images/000024939.jpg	nt of money also.A wise man from the ministry c
images/000024940.jpg	The household is always friendly, welcoming, 
images/000024941.jpg	 from an unappealing worm! Here is the story o
images/000024942.jpg	ake its way to enjoy its world. He decided to si
images/000024943.jpg	n times up, indicating computers are playing a m
images/000024944.jpg	they just want me to be happy. I know I sh
images/000024945.jpg	d in English learning. It requires much tim
images/000024946.jpg	nsform from an ugly caterpillar into a beaut
images/000024947.jpg	gether to celebrate holidays and entertain fr
images/000024948.jpg	rous life with abundance of wealth and no
images/000024949.jpg	 complained to his ministers that the ro
images/000024950.jpg	ese family are respectively more than in 
images/000024951.jpg	 children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forge
images/000024952.jpg	soccer club,because I like playing soccer.Dur
images/000024953.jpg	gain set on its way. On reaching the river h
images/000024954.jpg	path.He said he was very much worried about the 
images/000024955.jpg	most more than 10 hours with the cocoon an
images/000024956.jpg	the event of a life-threatening emergency, hu
images/000024957.jpg	. These different ideas disturb both of them
images/000024958.jpg	n to understand the world as it is, so they are
images/000024959.jpg	 butterfly. The butterfly had been strug
images/000024960.jpg	er club,because I like playing soccer.During th
images/000024961.jpg	have different opinions on the reasons why 
images/000024962.jpg	Some think that maybe the old generation is
images/000024963.jpg	 weird clothes. Young people either turn a deaf
images/000024964.jpg	leather? Rather, you can just have a piece 
images/000024965.jpg	s. The household is always friendly, welcomi
images/000024966.jpg	t the wound will remain there forever. Your bad 
images/000024967.jpg	nts, they are so happy to see me do well
images/000024968.jpg	e nails every day as he had controlled his
images/000024969.jpg	rfly just crawled around with withered w
images/000024970.jpg	son to hammer one nail to the fence every ti
images/000024971.jpg	 angry and to lose his temper. The little boy
images/000024972.jpg	e Yourself and not The WorldLong ago, people 
images/000024973.jpg	humanism. The spirit of humanism is apparent 
images/000024974.jpg	e your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when m
images/000024975.jpg	at our fellows with respect and tolerance, ma
images/000024976.jpg	lies. One of the young monkeys thought it wa
images/000024977.jpg	 almost more than 10 hours with the cocoon 
images/000024978.jpg	to get the sufficient quantity of leathe
images/000024979.jpg	 between them will be narrowed down in time. Both
images/000024980.jpg	he better. Humanism makes the world a more b
images/000024981.jpg	h its beautiful wings.He thought that at 
images/000024982.jpg	th and has never seen snow before,” Frit
images/000024983.jpg	not be in favor of their children's hairstyle 
images/000024984.jpg	e bag of nails. He asked his son to hamm
images/000024985.jpg	en marked down over and over again so that ma
images/000024986.jpg	ess to a lot of reading materials, which 
images/000024987.jpg	ays friendly, welcoming, and generous to visi
images/000024988.jpg	ngry fox that was looking for something to
images/000024989.jpg	hile he cut down trees in the forest. He was goin
images/000024990.jpg	d to half. The little boy found it very diff
images/000024991.jpg	a flock of fireflies. One of the young mon
images/000024992.jpg	he market in order to sell them. The merchant and
images/000024993.jpg	said he was very much worried about the peo
images/000024994.jpg	r the road of the whole country with leather
images/000024995.jpg	ing, a merchant loaded his donkey with bag
images/000024996.jpg	boy told his father about the same.  The father
images/000024997.jpg	Both sides should talk over their proble
images/000024998.jpg	es for his parents through the verbal usag
images/000024999.jpg	fe of thousands of cows to get the sufficient 
images/000025000.jpg	on a travel to visit places of historical
images/000025001.jpg	portant part in shaping children's personality. 
images/000025002.jpg	forest. He was going to eat it for his lunc
images/000025003.jpg	f the planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a resear
images/000025004.jpg	hant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring m
images/000025005.jpg	 There are two apparent factors which affect a
images/000025006.jpg	gth and courage. They both help children to under
images/000025007.jpg	ughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is 
images/000025008.jpg	e me do well in the exam. I want to be happy a
images/000025009.jpg	mportant part in shaping children's pers
images/000025010.jpg	 had not walked far when they reached a river
images/000025011.jpg	ughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a fi
images/000025012.jpg	brate holidays and entertain friends. The 
images/000025013.jpg	as the only son for them. The parents of th
images/000025014.jpg	hildren's first teachers, so family does 
images/000025015.jpg	ks or jonrnals and attend English lectures,
images/000025016.jpg	 we die? For all the answers, stick your thumb
images/000025017.jpg	r good. Use them to embrace the relationships.
images/000025018.jpg	buse! Use words for good. Use them to emb
images/000025019.jpg	, so family does play an important role in 
images/000025020.jpg	appy that he made the butterfly come out of
images/000025021.jpg	ded by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Be
images/000025022.jpg	umulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel 
images/000025023.jpg	o the fence was reduced and the day arrived when
images/000025024.jpg	 a beautiful one.He saw a cocoon with tiny o
images/000025025.jpg	nerations gathering around the television
images/000025026.jpg	urs. In fact, he used to spend a lot of time ar
images/000025027.jpg	d. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a 
images/000025028.jpg	 the water. But instead of the load becoming
images/000025029.jpg	and pilgrim centres at distant places. He d
images/000025030.jpg	 in many ways to give up his anger and de
images/000025031.jpg	 was several days that he did not hammer any nail
images/000025032.jpg	eps our minds open to better ways of seeing 
images/000025033.jpg	and courage. They both help children to 
images/000025034.jpg	ents and toys to human children at Christ
images/000025035.jpg	em. As long as both sides keep their min
images/000025036.jpg	he gap between them will be narrowed down in tim
images/000025037.jpg	 meaning of humanism. If we treat our fellows wit
images/000025038.jpg	terflies decided to help the butterfly. 
images/000025039.jpg	ocoon to make larger opening for the butte
images/000025040.jpg	ry fox that was looking for something to e
images/000025041.jpg	ng to make its way to enjoy its world. He decide
images/000025042.jpg	r the road of the whole country with lea
images/000025043.jpg	umanism calls for us to pay closer atten
images/000025044.jpg	t at any time, the butterfly might expand the
images/000025045.jpg	owman when Fritz appeared with his littl
images/000025046.jpg	hristmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked 
images/000025047.jpg	d when I was go to school. Except for ta
images/000025048.jpg	irefly. He put it under a dry leaf and s
images/000025049.jpg	and silent night. The weather was freezing. A gr
images/000025050.jpg	 butterflies decided to help the butterfl
images/000025051.jpg	h a knife, but the wound will remain the
images/000025052.jpg	y used to get angry very soon and taunt others
images/000025053.jpg	ality. Friends are the connections between chi
images/000025054.jpg	in other countries' family. In China, ch
images/000025055.jpg	 man, who had a passion and love for butterfli
images/000025056.jpg	plained to his ministers that the roads wer
images/000025057.jpg	h of them. Most of the things that young g
images/000025058.jpg	chine. Today it is used a great deal. There
images/000025059.jpg	's first teachers, so family does play an im
images/000025060.jpg	 of humanistic behavior. In the event of a l
images/000025061.jpg	y to come out of its cocoon would let the flui
images/000025062.jpg	ing for the butterfly and removed the remaini
images/000025063.jpg	kill the holy animal cow to cover the road
images/000025064.jpg	appy.A Hole in the FenceIn a small vil
images/000025065.jpg	told himself, “I wish that I had thought a 
images/000025066.jpg	to the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen y
images/000025067.jpg	 others with his words. His bad temper made 
images/000025068.jpg	ntity of leather and it would cost a huge a
images/000025069.jpg	n it comes to the problem of generation g
images/000025070.jpg	le he cut down trees in the forest. He was go
images/000025071.jpg	ge. They both help children to understand the wor
images/000025072.jpg	ng new. Their voices are not taken into accoun
images/000025073.jpg	 decided to go on a travel to visit place
images/000025074.jpg	e of our society. Humanism calls for us to 
images/000025075.jpg	ed blowing at it.Some other monkeys also join
images/000025076.jpg	words. His bad temper made him fall for ang
images/000025077.jpg	hat people might feel comfortable, immedi
images/000025078.jpg	rous life with abundance of wealth and no m
images/000025079.jpg	er your spoken English will be. Nothing in the wo
images/000025080.jpg	‘What do you see there?’The boy replied, ‘a ho
images/000025081.jpg	 elders' experience-based advice or set themselve
images/000025082.jpg	ept for taking care of me, she also has to w
images/000025083.jpg	e same cloth. Parents may not be in favo
images/000025084.jpg	n after they get married. So a household consist
images/000025085.jpg	out 19 hours. The number climbs more than ten t
images/000025086.jpg	aning of humanism. If we treat our fello
images/000025087.jpg	he story of "The Right Son at the Right 
images/000025088.jpg	t demonstrate humanism. The spirit of humanis
images/000025089.jpg	example of humanistic behavior. In the eve
images/000025090.jpg	 the boy could not pull out.The boy told hi
images/000025091.jpg	times on the first day! Every time he los
images/000025092.jpg	matter how hard he tried, he could not get ou
images/000025093.jpg	ed a few nails that the boy could not pull out
images/000025094.jpg	 forest for many years. I guess he is too
images/000025095.jpg	Don't feel embarrassed when making some embar
images/000025096.jpg	ve many pleasant characters. If we say that famil
images/000025097.jpg	lls.Second I will go to my grandma's house,be
images/000025098.jpg	 Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautifu
images/000025099.jpg	ren to have much time left for animals.”“Do y
images/000025100.jpg	ld not tolerate the pain as he walked all the w
images/000025101.jpg	e food in the tree trunk while he cut down
images/000025102.jpg	for a pair of leather shoes for him and requested
images/000025103.jpg	 not cut from the same cloth. Parents may not be 
images/000025104.jpg	tity of leather and it would cost a huge amou
images/000025105.jpg	ags of salt loaded on his back became lig
images/000025106.jpg	 I want to practice more to improve my skil
images/000025107.jpg	eral days passed and the boy was able to 
images/000025108.jpg	ger and develop kindness. Unfortunately, all 
images/000025109.jpg	es decided to help the butterfly. He got a
images/000025110.jpg	oaded his donkey with bags of salt to go t
images/000025111.jpg	o watch the butterfly and he was quite eag
images/000025112.jpg	g generation is keen on are disgusting to them.
images/000025113.jpg	troduced her.“Emily is from the South and has
images/000025114.jpg	 parents even after they get married. So 
images/000025115.jpg	rings presents and toys to human children a
images/000025116.jpg	he South and has never seen snow before,” Fr
images/000025117.jpg	time he lost his temper, he ran to the fen
images/000025118.jpg	 was looking for something to eat. He was very h
images/000025119.jpg	 struggling to break the shell for several hour
images/000025120.jpg	e of the hours that people spend on comput
images/000025121.jpg	ildren to understand the world as it is, so
images/000025122.jpg	the old man in time of need. The young man's ac
images/000025123.jpg	wound will remain there forever. Your bad te
images/000025124.jpg	fall for angry words. He scolded kids, neighbour
images/000025125.jpg	children and the society, so by contactin
images/000025126.jpg	ke playing soccer.During the summer holiday, 
images/000025127.jpg	ce never look the same! It has scars all over! Yo
images/000025128.jpg	jion a soccer club,because I like playing
images/000025129.jpg	t for taking care of me, she also has to 
images/000025130.jpg	 pay closer attention to our fellows. Occasiona
images/000025131.jpg	d they were hammered on people. You can remove 
images/000025132.jpg	and the boy was able to pull out most of the 
images/000025133.jpg	 narrowed down in time. Both sides should 
images/000025134.jpg	ast I will help my mother do some housework. She
images/000025135.jpg	Unfortunately, even after continuous attem
images/000025136.jpg	o the fence and hammered a nail. In the nex
images/000025137.jpg	only for human children,” Fritz said to Emily. “S
images/000025138.jpg	 donkey with bags of sponges.The foolish, tri
images/000025139.jpg	ance, many things may turn out for the better. Hu
images/000025140.jpg	eys became very tired. Now they realized what t
images/000025141.jpg	tiful spring morning, a merchant loaded his donke
images/000025142.jpg	ugh the struggles the butterfly would have eme
images/000025143.jpg	s ideas are not cut from the same cloth. 
images/000025144.jpg	urposes. Some students need it to read E
images/000025145.jpg	 makes the world a more beautiful place t
images/000025146.jpg	n to eat. After the fox had finished eatin
images/000025147.jpg	at was his alternative idea. The minister tol
images/000025148.jpg	, and generous to visitors who can drop in o
images/000025149.jpg	ttle boy lived with his father and mother
images/000025150.jpg	e bags of salt loaded on his back became lighte
images/000025151.jpg	foot to interact with his people and accom
images/000025152.jpg	pens he's bought over the years.Where are th
images/000025153.jpg	ociety. Humanism calls for us to pay closer atten
images/000025154.jpg	Summer holiday is coming.I am going to do many
images/000025155.jpg	opinions on the reasons why generation g
images/000025156.jpg	uld be beautiful and large.If we don’t want
images/000025157.jpg	, my parents tell me that they don’t care
images/000025158.jpg	 matter how hard he tried, he could not 
images/000025159.jpg	lanet by his friend Ford Prefect, a research
images/000025160.jpg	 wings expanded or enlarged nor the swollen body
images/000025161.jpg	espect and tolerance, many things may turn ou
images/000025162.jpg	n), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to p
images/000025163.jpg	 learning. It requires much time, commitme
images/000025164.jpg	k, ranging from about 1.5 hours to about
images/000025165.jpg	amples that demonstrate humanism. The sp
images/000025166.jpg	y its world. He decided to sit over and watch h
images/000025167.jpg	y. The butterfly had been struggling very hard
images/000025168.jpg	 I want to help her in the holidays.What will 
images/000025169.jpg	nger, his friends and neighbours avoided him.His
images/000025170.jpg	had a swollen body with small and withere
images/000025171.jpg	en's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young peo
images/000025172.jpg	t I will help my mother do some housework. She 
images/000025173.jpg	the whole country with leather so that people mi
images/000025174.jpg	rings presents and toys to human children
images/000025175.jpg	he was quite eager to watch the butterfly f
images/000025176.jpg	ey both help children to understand the w
images/000025177.jpg	oes he also bring presents to animal children?” 
images/000025178.jpg	ay! Every time he lost his temper, he ran to the
images/000025179.jpg	 He then returned home again but re-loaded hi
images/000025180.jpg	th withered wings and huge body. It was nev
images/000025181.jpg	e returned to the palace. He was quite happy t
images/000025182.jpg	f the kingdom were very happy as they had a ver
images/000025183.jpg	 idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to kil
images/000025184.jpg	n many ways to give up his anger and develop k
images/000025185.jpg	hey must keep in mind that different thi
images/000025186.jpg	ruggling very hard for hours to come out
images/000025187.jpg	more struggles. He continued to watch the but
images/000025188.jpg	failed. Finally, the boy’s father came up with a
images/000025189.jpg	Summer holiday is coming.I am going to do m
images/000025190.jpg	of the cocoon without any more struggles. He c
images/000025191.jpg	pen to better ways of seeing things. Comput
images/000025192.jpg	e put it under a dry leaf and started blowing at 
images/000025193.jpg	sessed with the disappearance of all the ball
images/000025194.jpg	d not pull out.The boy told his father about the
images/000025195.jpg	or many years. I guess he is too busy visiti
images/000025196.jpg	ust crawled around with withered wings and hu
images/000025197.jpg	friends. The household is always friendly, 
images/000025198.jpg	 on its way. On reaching the river he ag
images/000025199.jpg	hat he visited many pilgrim centres and 
images/000025200.jpg	ock of fireflies. One of the young monkeys
images/000025201.jpg	uld see his fellow people leading a propitious 
images/000025202.jpg	o watch the butterfly and he was quite eager to w
images/000025203.jpg	 stored in the body convert into wings. Thus,
images/000025204.jpg	 about the same.  The father appreciated hi
images/000025205.jpg	oad.Unfortunately, the donkey slipped and fell
images/000025206.jpg	t. The monkeys were sitting on the same tree. 
images/000025207.jpg	The sparrow continued: “I think all of yo
images/000025208.jpg	ations. Those who grow up in happy families ten
images/000025209.jpg	miss her very much.I want to stay with her for
images/000025210.jpg	Most of the things that young generation is
images/000025211.jpg	aided by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: 
images/000025212.jpg	tterfly that was never able to live a life li
images/000025213.jpg	 of thousands of cows to get the sufficient
images/000025214.jpg	hought that there might be food in it, and 
images/000025215.jpg	eir attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s fa
images/000025216.jpg	that! Words are more painful than physical 
images/000025217.jpg	hospitable. The family gathers together to celeb
images/000025218.jpg	ow people leading a propitious life. Howev
images/000025219.jpg	s friends.After one was born, the first sur
images/000025220.jpg	and had a swollen body with small and with
images/000025221.jpg	emper and anger were like that! Words are more 
images/000025222.jpg	und this part of the forest for many year
images/000025223.jpg	s into other cultures and keeps our minds open t
images/000025224.jpg	lfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a c
images/000025225.jpg	le and accompany them. People of distant places
images/000025226.jpg	mber of nails hammered on the fence was 
images/000025227.jpg	he hole was a package. The hungry fox imm
images/000025228.jpg	 has scars all over! You can stab a man wi
images/000025229.jpg	d temper. The boy used to get angry very
images/000025230.jpg	 the first surroundings is the family in wh
images/000025231.jpg	 not. When it comes to the problem of gene
images/000025232.jpg	ung Adults MostCountless factors may inf
images/000025233.jpg	riends one can get into the society and b
images/000025234.jpg	 for several hours. He spent almost more 
images/000025235.jpg	e man, who had a passion and love for butterflies
images/000025236.jpg	ard for hours to come out through the tiny 
images/000025237.jpg	ey set free the firefly and moved to a nea
images/000025238.jpg	iful and had a swollen body with small and w
images/000025239.jpg	far as I know, it involves several reasons. Wi
images/000025240.jpg	ant to help her in the holidays.What will you 
images/000025241.jpg	s to the problem of generation gap, people's 
images/000025242.jpg	 river he again fell into the water. But
images/000025243.jpg	 man in time of need. The young man's acti
images/000025244.jpg	e”. The monkeys did not listen to the sparro
images/000025245.jpg	he fierce market competition, the price has b
images/000025246.jpg	 you. Participate in all oral activities
images/000025247.jpg	n almost every field of our life. Meanwhi
images/000025248.jpg	thanks to the decline of cost and the fie
images/000025249.jpg	perous life with abundance of wealth and n
images/000025250.jpg	ms with each other actively, sincerely and frank
images/000025251.jpg	 had thought a little before jumping into the
images/000025252.jpg	t through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even a
images/000025253.jpg	on to hammer one nail to the fence every
images/000025254.jpg	eds and seeks rational ways of solving human 
images/000025255.jpg	r holiday, I want to practice more to improve my 
images/000025256.jpg	might expand the wings, shrink the body and t
images/000025257.jpg	s life. However, he had regret.He had intolera
images/000025258.jpg	e happy. I know I should relax myself and be hap
images/000025259.jpg	 like playing soccer.During the summer holiday
images/000025260.jpg	know much about our winters.”It turned out Emil
images/000025261.jpg	 give up his anger and develop kindness.
images/000025262.jpg	now widely applied in almost every field of o
images/000025263.jpg	 people's ideas are not cut from the same clo
images/000025264.jpg	ldren to have much time left for animals.
images/000025265.jpg	d asked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you s
images/000025266.jpg	tiny opening. It meant that the butterfly
images/000025267.jpg	is anger and develop kindness. Unfortunate
images/000025268.jpg	 I miss her very much.I want to stay with 
images/000025269.jpg	 swollen body with small and withered win
images/000025270.jpg	die? For all the answers, stick your thumb t
images/000025271.jpg	 Humanism calls for us to pay closer attent
images/000025272.jpg	e them strength and courage. They both help chil
images/000025273.jpg	 why generation gap comes into being. Som
images/000025274.jpg	here for food. Suddenly he caught sight of
images/000025275.jpg	. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, his
images/000025276.jpg	factors which affect a person's growth. On
images/000025277.jpg	elp the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors and
images/000025278.jpg	eal. There is a drastic increase of the ho
images/000025279.jpg	h member of the family contributes to household d
images/000025280.jpg	is donkey were walking along together. They had n
images/000025281.jpg	ed there for food. Suddenly he caught sight o
images/000025282.jpg	home where he loaded his donkey with more bags
images/000025283.jpg	hat demonstrate humanism. The spirit of hum
images/000025284.jpg	the Right Time". The soldier extended a he
images/000025285.jpg	ther important part in shaping children's perso
images/000025286.jpg	gs is the family in which he will grow up. Pa
images/000025287.jpg	y were very depressed due to his bad temp
images/000025288.jpg	hole and when he opened the package, he saw the
images/000025289.jpg	y influence a person's growth. There are two a
images/000025290.jpg	mber of nails hammered to the fence was reduce
images/000025291.jpg	ng asked - what was his alternative idea. Th
images/000025292.jpg	l to different generations. Those who grow 
images/000025293.jpg	 words. His bad temper made him fall for ang
images/000025294.jpg	he butterfly and he was quite eager to watch the 
images/000025295.jpg	his friends due to anger. He invited all worr
images/000025296.jpg	hings more quickly. Further more, it gives us ins
images/000025297.jpg	d drink some water from a nearby spring.
images/000025298.jpg	ging to its branches. One of the monkeys said,
images/000025299.jpg	ome students need to use it to talk to Eng
images/000025300.jpg	es into being. Some think that maybe the old ge
images/000025301.jpg	rd for hours to come out through the tiny o
images/000025302.jpg	nt role in modern life.What has led to 
images/000025303.jpg	is too conservative to accept anything new. Thei
images/000025304.jpg	ing to them.Both generations should be respo
images/000025305.jpg	nto the river and wasted all the bags of salt on 
images/000025306.jpg	will be narrowed down in time. Both sides s
images/000025307.jpg	 of cost and the fierce market competition, th
images/000025308.jpg	because I like playing soccer.During the 
images/000025309.jpg	ammered on the fence was reduced to half. The li
images/000025310.jpg	o you think he will come if I write to him?” Emi
images/000025311.jpg	re not taken into account. These different i
images/000025312.jpg	s insights into other cultures and keeps o
images/000025313.jpg	 trip by foot to longer distance. He complained 
images/000025314.jpg	udents need English and they need it for diffe
images/000025315.jpg	rd clothes. Young people either turn a deaf ear t
images/000025316.jpg	ed about the people who used to walk along those 
images/000025317.jpg	 donkey fell into the river and wasted a
images/000025318.jpg	 sparrow. They continued to blow at our poor
images/000025319.jpg	wish that I had thought a little before jumping i
images/000025320.jpg	mas SurpriseIt was two days before Chris
images/000025321.jpg	ou can just have a piece of leather cut i
images/000025322.jpg	or jonrnals and attend English lectures, whil
images/000025323.jpg	h about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?”
images/000025324.jpg	 the wings, shrink the body and the wings could 
images/000025325.jpg	's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up a
images/000025326.jpg	 is always friendly, welcoming, and gener
images/000025327.jpg	he nails drove him to hammer in the fence for 30 
images/000025328.jpg	ed in his effort.A sparrow came flying to its
images/000025329.jpg	he boy was able to pull out most of the nails 
images/000025330.jpg	ldren. Chinese families tend to socialize
images/000025331.jpg	t to do. For exampie,first I will jion a socce
images/000025332.jpg	stead of the load becoming lighter, it be
images/000025333.jpg	ul one.He saw a cocoon with tiny opening. 
images/000025334.jpg	nisters were stunned to hear his order as i
images/000025335.jpg	th each other actively, sincerely and fran
images/000025336.jpg	uantity of leather and it would cost a huge 
images/000025337.jpg	s largely broaden our vision.How to Be a Succ
images/000025338.jpg	 say that families offer the environment of l
images/000025339.jpg	 the most essential quality for successfu
images/000025340.jpg	atening emergency, humanism can be as import
images/000025341.jpg	 society, computers are now widely applie
images/000025342.jpg	ime of need. The young man's actions were the exa
images/000025343.jpg	remove the nails but still see the holes
images/000025344.jpg	f colours. In fact, he used to spend a lot of 
images/000025345.jpg	 who got Caught in the Tree TrunkOnce upon a
images/000025346.jpg	use! Use words for good. Use them to embrace 
images/000025347.jpg	 Some students need it to read English textbook
images/000025348.jpg	cover the road with leather? Rather, you can
images/000025349.jpg	would come out of the cocoon. He was watching 
images/000025350.jpg	mas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, sh
images/000025351.jpg	 to each other's outlooks on the world, the
images/000025352.jpg	urther more, it gives us insights into o
images/000025353.jpg	e boy’s father came up with an idea.One da
images/000025354.jpg	have many pleasant characters. If we say that 
images/000025355.jpg	hort Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” 
images/000025356.jpg	 fence never look the same! It has scars al
images/000025357.jpg	the family in which he will grow up. Parents a
images/000025358.jpg	weren’t comfortable and were very stony. He could
images/000025359.jpg	, and generous to visitors who can drop in
images/000025360.jpg	up at a cocktail party once upon a time 
images/000025361.jpg	urn home where he loaded his donkey with more bag
images/000025362.jpg	 not find food. Finally he went to the e
images/000025363.jpg	o got Caught in the Tree TrunkOnce upon a 
images/000025364.jpg	! Every time he lost his temper, he ran to the 
images/000025365.jpg	 got a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon 
images/000025366.jpg	er on the road.Unfortunately, the donkey s
images/000025367.jpg	insights into other cultures and keeps o
images/000025368.jpg	part in shaping children's personality. Friends
images/000025369.jpg	There was nothing the merchant could do, exc
images/000025370.jpg	ed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate st
images/000025371.jpg	erseverance in face of hardship. Don't be i
images/000025372.jpg	nger. Several days passed and the boy wa
images/000025373.jpg	, and generous to visitors who can drop in on f
images/000025374.jpg	lied in almost every field of our life. Meanwh
images/000025375.jpg	as hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his tem
images/000025376.jpg	with his father and mother. He was the only son 
images/000025377.jpg	. In order to improve the ability of English
images/000025378.jpg	ful machine. Today it is used a great de
images/000025379.jpg	ers in a Chinese family are respectively m
images/000025380.jpg	order to improve the ability of English reading c
images/000025381.jpg	icult to hammer the nails and decided to co
images/000025382.jpg	 parents of the little boy were very depres
images/000025383.jpg	lp children to understand the world as it is
images/000025384.jpg	!After several weeks, he returned to th
images/000025385.jpg	ken English will be. Nothing in the world is dif
images/000025386.jpg	 wealth and no misfortunes.The king decided to 
images/000025387.jpg	ch he will grow up. Parents are children's first 
images/000025388.jpg	rs who can drop in on friends and relatives wi
images/000025389.jpg	y, even after continuous attempts for several hou
images/000025390.jpg	r you admit it or not. When it comes to the 
images/000025391.jpg	ract with his people and accompany them.
images/000025392.jpg	 children to understand the world as it is, s
images/000025393.jpg	ral generations gathering around the tel
images/000025394.jpg	forever. Your bad temper and anger were l
images/000025395.jpg	and withered wings.The man was happy that 
images/000025396.jpg	im a huge bag of nails. He asked his son to hamme
images/000025397.jpg	that families offer the environment of li
images/000025398.jpg	e. She noticed what they were doing. The sparrow
images/000025399.jpg	not lose his temper. He told his father that it
images/000025400.jpg	better your spoken English will be. Nothing in t
images/000025401.jpg	 words for good. Use them to embrace the relati
images/000025402.jpg	ebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hi
images/000025403.jpg	fly would come out of the cocoon. He was watchi
images/000025404.jpg	 shrink the body and the wings could support t
images/000025405.jpg	ue to his bad temper. The boy used to get
images/000025406.jpg	us do things more quickly. Further more, it giv
images/000025407.jpg	his effort.A sparrow came flying to its n
images/000025408.jpg	y slipped and fell into the river and noticed
images/000025409.jpg	tudents need English and they need it for d
images/000025410.jpg	cided to help the butterfly. He got a pair of 
images/000025411.jpg	 well. In order to improve the ability of Englis
images/000025412.jpg	 like that! Words are more painful than physi
images/000025413.jpg	 free the firefly and moved to a nearby cave.
images/000025414.jpg	and the wings would be beautiful and larg
images/000025415.jpg	woodcutter had placed the food in the tree tr
images/000025416.jpg	 fell into the river and wasted all the bags of s
images/000025417.jpg	. Occasional examples of human goodness can remi
images/000025418.jpg	 South and has never seen snow before,” Fritz t
images/000025419.jpg	orld. He decided to sit over and watch how th
images/000025420.jpg	n common human needs and seeks rational ways
images/000025421.jpg	nisters that the roads weren’t comfortabl
images/000025422.jpg	 Yet, the boy did not lose his temper. He told hi
images/000025423.jpg	to Emily. “So forget about the whole idea. Let
images/000025424.jpg	l importance and pilgrim centres at distant p
images/000025425.jpg	l hours, there was no progress. It seemed that
images/000025426.jpg	ght be food in it, and he became very happy. H
images/000025427.jpg	or the butterfly and removed the remainin
images/000025428.jpg	r the rule of a king. The people of the kingdom 
images/000025429.jpg	an just have a piece of leather cut in appr
images/000025430.jpg	nto account. These different ideas disturb both o
images/000025431.jpg	s more quickly. Further more, it gives us in
images/000025432.jpg	 can remind us of the meaning of humanism. If we 
images/000025433.jpg	ur tried to pick up at a cocktail party once u
images/000025434.jpg	ng hand to the old man in time of need. The yo
images/000025435.jpg	ing the summer holiday, I want to practice more
images/000025436.jpg	tbooks or jonrnals and attend English lecture
images/000025437.jpg	 never able to live a life like a butterf
images/000025438.jpg	ust crawled around with withered wings and 
images/000025439.jpg	tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after continu
images/000025440.jpg	 out of its cocoon would let the fluid sto
images/000025441.jpg	o longer distance. He complained to his ministe
images/000025442.jpg	od, bread, meat and fruit in it!An old woodcut
images/000025443.jpg	xcept return home where he loaded his donkey wit
images/000025444.jpg	y were walking along together. They had n
images/000025445.jpg	 They had not walked far when they reached a
images/000025446.jpg	eing. Some think that maybe the old gener
images/000025447.jpg	o go to the market in order to sell them.
images/000025448.jpg	be in favor of their children's hairstyle and we
images/000025449.jpg	y, even after continuous attempts for several ho
images/000025450.jpg	mony and unity. Each member of the family contrib
images/000025451.jpg	d his donkey with bags of salt to go to the mar
images/000025452.jpg	 to them.Both generations should be responsib
images/000025453.jpg	en he opened the package, he saw there were a lot
images/000025454.jpg	mbrace the relationships. Use them to sh
images/000025455.jpg	several hours. He spent almost more than 10 hour
images/000025456.jpg	ful combination of colours. In fact, he use
images/000025457.jpg	 decided to leave the trunk and drink some wate
images/000025458.jpg	of living, friends make another important 
images/000025459.jpg	t to the edge of the forest and searched there f
images/000025460.jpg	awled around with withered wings and huge body
images/000025461.jpg	n children to have much time left for ani
images/000025462.jpg	o nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not 
images/000025463.jpg	ience-based advice or set themselves against wh
images/000025464.jpg	that it was several days that he did not hammer 
images/000025465.jpg	een snow before,” Fritz told us. “She does
images/000025466.jpg	 help the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors 
images/000025467.jpg	depressed due to his bad temper. The boy us
images/000025468.jpg	em.Both generations should be responsible for s
images/000025469.jpg	e became too big to fit through the hole.
images/000025470.jpg	 told the boy, “The nails were your bad temper
images/000025471.jpg	ap between them will be narrowed down in time. 
images/000025472.jpg	r appreciated him and asked him pointing to
images/000025473.jpg	onkeys were on a tree. They were clinging to i
images/000025474.jpg	untless factors may influence a person's growt
images/000025475.jpg	 almost more than 10 hours with the cocoo
images/000025476.jpg	d him and asked him pointing to the hole
images/000025477.jpg	f and started blowing at it.Some other mo
images/000025478.jpg	blebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie
images/000025479.jpg	ammer any nail and he did not lose his temp
images/000025480.jpg	id not hammer any nail and he did not lose 
images/000025481.jpg	ina, children live with their parents even
images/000025482.jpg	ngry very soon and taunt others with his word
images/000025483.jpg	no progress. It seemed that the butterfly tried 
images/000025484.jpg	boy was able to pull out most of the nail
images/000025485.jpg	eral days.Last I will help my mother do some 
images/000025486.jpg	iendly, welcoming, and generous to visitors 
images/000025487.jpg	emergency, humanism can be as important 
images/000025488.jpg	 will jion a soccer club,because I like p
images/000025489.jpg	nisters were stunned to hear his order as i
images/000025490.jpg	onkey again set on its way. On reaching the
images/000025491.jpg	ed to make way for a galactic freeway, Ar
images/000025492.jpg	ir children and keep the lines of communications 
images/000025493.jpg	The young man's actions were the example of hum
images/000025494.jpg	eration gap exists in our daily life, whether
images/000025495.jpg	o forget about the whole idea. Let’s go hom
images/000025496.jpg	ld support the body.  Unfortunately, nei
images/000025497.jpg	der to improve the ability of English reading 
images/000025498.jpg	udents need it to read English textbooks or jonr
images/000025499.jpg	xtended a helping hand to the old man in time o
images/000025500.jpg	h, tricky donkey again set on its way. On reachin
images/000025501.jpg	aded his donkey with bags of salt to go to the 
images/000025502.jpg	 would destroy the life of thousands of cows 
images/000025503.jpg	ches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we could
images/000025504.jpg	appearance of all the ballpoint pens he's bo
images/000025505.jpg	l days.Last I will help my mother do some housewo
images/000025506.jpg	in it!An old woodcutter had placed the fo
images/000025507.jpg	rs that people spend on computers per week, ra
images/000025508.jpg	food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree 
images/000025509.jpg	ce every time he became angry and to los
images/000025510.jpg	etween children and the society, so by co
images/000025511.jpg	d the wings, shrink the body and the wings could
images/000025512.jpg	e struggles. He continued to watch the butt
images/000025513.jpg	at a cocktail party once upon a time zone
images/000025514.jpg	 on the world, the gap between them will be n
images/000025515.jpg	ence a person's growth. There are two appa
images/000025516.jpg	to the river and noticed that the bags of salt l
images/000025517.jpg	. When it comes to the problem of generati
images/000025518.jpg	 wings and huge body. It was never able to
images/000025519.jpg	o we die? For all the answers, stick your thum
images/000025520.jpg	 things that young generation is keen on
images/000025521.jpg	 of its cocoon would let the fluid store
images/000025522.jpg	 merchant and his donkey were walking along to
images/000025523.jpg	ffect a person's growth. One is family, a
images/000025524.jpg	art of the forest for many years. I gues
images/000025525.jpg	ent.In the civilized world humanism plays 
images/000025526.jpg	e saw there were a lot of food, bread, meat 
images/000025527.jpg	 would destroy the life of thousands of cows to g
images/000025528.jpg	 of hardship. Don't be intimidated even tho
images/000025529.jpg	e told his father that it was several days that
images/000025530.jpg	s between children and the society, so by co
images/000025531.jpg	 holy animal cow to cover the road with lea
images/000025532.jpg	hem. Most of the things that young generat
images/000025533.jpg	ut Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” s
images/000025534.jpg	er and father consoled him in many ways to giv
images/000025535.jpg	s insights into other cultures and keeps our
images/000025536.jpg	tterfly tried its best and could not give any m
images/000025537.jpg	ays before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, M
images/000025538.jpg	reflies. One of the young monkeys thought i
images/000025539.jpg	han physical abuse! Use words for good. 
images/000025540.jpg	yself. One day, my parents tell me that they
images/000025541.jpg	t I will help my mother do some housework. She w
images/000025542.jpg	ient quantity of leather and it would cost a hu
images/000025543.jpg	ay, I want to practice more to improve my
images/000025544.jpg	puters per week, ranging from about 1.5 ho
images/000025545.jpg	the donkey fell into the river and wasted all t
images/000025546.jpg	made the butterfly come out of the cocoon with
images/000025547.jpg	commitment and discipline to learn English well. 
images/000025548.jpg	dings is the family in which he will grow u
images/000025549.jpg	speakers, attend seminars, write letters, 
images/000025550.jpg	 decided to leave the trunk and drink some wat
images/000025551.jpg	poses. Some students need it to read English
images/000025552.jpg	d learn to understand their children and 
images/000025553.jpg	to household duties, including the child
images/000025554.jpg	tterfly would struggle to transform from a
images/000025555.jpg	ther more, it gives us insights into oth
images/000025556.jpg	ngry and to lose his temper. The little b
images/000025557.jpg	 out for the better. Humanism makes the wor
images/000025558.jpg	a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to mak
images/000025559.jpg	tterfly and removed the remaining cocoon. 
images/000025560.jpg	t have a piece of leather cut in appropria
images/000025561.jpg	 I had thought a little before jumping into the h
images/000025562.jpg	 I know, it involves several reasons. Wi
images/000025563.jpg	leather and it would cost a huge amount of
images/000025564.jpg	leather so that people might feel comforta
images/000025565.jpg	 the hole was a package. The hungry fox immed
images/000025566.jpg	 beautiful spring morning, a merchant lo
images/000025567.jpg	le, thanks to the decline of cost and the fie
images/000025568.jpg	mmered on people. You can remove the nails but 
images/000025569.jpg	e road with leather? Rather, you can just have a 
images/000025570.jpg	an important role in shaping children's 
images/000025571.jpg	o use it to talk to English-speakers, attend semi
images/000025572.jpg	company them. People of distant places were so 
images/000025573.jpg	eys did not listen to the sparrow. They c
images/000025574.jpg	 The weather was freezing. A group of monkey
images/000025575.jpg	. In the next few days, the number of nails hamme
images/000025576.jpg	uld be responsible for solving the probl
images/000025577.jpg	ainst what the elders have been proud of.
images/000025578.jpg	“Santa Claus,” I explained, “brings presents an
images/000025579.jpg	ish better than you. Participate in all oral ac
images/000025580.jpg	 planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher 
images/000025581.jpg	he wound will remain there forever. Your bad
images/000025582.jpg	o help her in the holidays.What will you do on S
images/000025583.jpg	ment and discipline to learn English well. In o
images/000025584.jpg	ours and even his friends due to anger. He invit
images/000025585.jpg	tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after 
images/000025586.jpg	his father gave him a huge bag of nails. He aske
images/000025587.jpg	by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the
images/000025588.jpg	our bad temper and they were hammered on pe
images/000025589.jpg	: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-
images/000025590.jpg	for the last fifteen years, has been posing as an
images/000025591.jpg	ces. He decided to travel by foot to interac
images/000025592.jpg	ortable and were very stony. He could not tol
images/000025593.jpg	 three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-l
images/000025594.jpg	en live with their parents even after the
images/000025595.jpg	e next few days, the number of nails hammere
images/000025596.jpg	conservative to accept anything new. Their v
images/000025597.jpg	man goodness can remind us of the meaning 
images/000025598.jpg	 wish we could find some fire. It will help us t
images/000025599.jpg	 all the students need English and they need
images/000025600.jpg	n when Fritz appeared with his little niece Emily
images/000025601.jpg	 them to embrace the relationships. Use the
images/000025602.jpg	either the wings expanded or enlarged nor the swo
images/000025603.jpg	Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree wit
images/000025604.jpg	body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expan
images/000025605.jpg	 his alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why 
images/000025606.jpg	know that a beautiful and colourful butterfly com
images/000025607.jpg	tbooks or jonrnals and attend English lectures
images/000025608.jpg	d a craze for its wonderful combination of
images/000025609.jpg	he also has to work. Therefore, I want to help h
images/000025610.jpg	ver he again fell into the water. But in
images/000025611.jpg	 was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his te
images/000025612.jpg	ning. Unfortunately, even after continuou
images/000025613.jpg	t generations. Those who grow up in happy
images/000025614.jpg	em of beliefs that focuses on common human ne
images/000025615.jpg	d by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Bee
images/000025616.jpg	 proud of their harmony and unity. Each memb
images/000025617.jpg	never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She d
images/000025618.jpg	 surroundings is the family in which he wil
images/000025619.jpg	des keep their minds open to each other's
images/000025620.jpg	d intention, only going through the struggles t
images/000025621.jpg	he road.Unfortunately, the donkey slipped 
images/000025622.jpg	n gap comes into being. Some think that maybe th
images/000025623.jpg	ed to help the butterfly. He got a pair of s
images/000025624.jpg	ings that young generation is keen on are
images/000025625.jpg	utterfly would struggle to transform from an
images/000025626.jpg	hey realized what the sparrow had said w
images/000025627.jpg	e made the butterfly come out of the cocoo
images/000025628.jpg	 so family does play an important role in shaping
images/000025629.jpg	les that demonstrate humanism. The spirit of huma
images/000025630.jpg	e river and wasted all the bags of salt on its ba
images/000025631.jpg	e.  The father appreciated him and asked him po
images/000025632.jpg	an, who had a passion and love for butterflies 
images/000025633.jpg	uld cost a huge amount of money also.A wise man
images/000025634.jpg	m to remove the nails every day as he had control
images/000025635.jpg	ur tried to pick up at a cocktail party once
images/000025636.jpg	long together. They had not walked far whe
images/000025637.jpg	per!Now, his father told him to remove th
images/000025638.jpg	rfly was trying to make its way to enjoy its 
images/000025639.jpg	ter has brought a lot of benefits to us. It ma
images/000025640.jpg	ut so much pressure on myself. One day, my pa
images/000025641.jpg	 the road of the whole country with leather s
images/000025642.jpg	comprehension, one should get access to a lot 
images/000025643.jpg	 distant places. He decided to travel by foot t
images/000025644.jpg	the trunk and drink some water from a nearb
images/000025645.jpg	ile he cut down trees in the forest. He w
images/000025646.jpg	they should learn to understand their chil
images/000025647.jpg	ied in almost every field of our life. Mean
images/000025648.jpg	nest. The monkeys were sitting on the same tree.
images/000025649.jpg	barrassed when making some embarrassing mis
images/000025650.jpg	time. Both sides should talk over their 
images/000025651.jpg	h reading comprehension, one should get access t
images/000025652.jpg	both sides keep their minds open to each other's 
images/000025653.jpg	f the forest and searched there for food. Sudden
images/000025654.jpg	ole idea. Let’s go home now before you ca
images/000025655.jpg	ours with the cocoon and the butterfly. The butte
images/000025656.jpg	ind food. Finally he went to the edge of 
images/000025657.jpg	t day! Every time he lost his temper, he ran to 
images/000025658.jpg	 time they must keep in mind that differen
images/000025659.jpg	emerged like any other beautiful butterflies! T
images/000025660.jpg	things may turn out for the better. Human
images/000025661.jpg	Son at the Right Time". The soldier exten
images/000025662.jpg	hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had 
images/000025663.jpg	ple spend on computers per week, ranging fr
images/000025664.jpg	 Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I sai
images/000025665.jpg	ndma's house,because I miss her very much.I wan
images/000025666.jpg	e his temper!Now, his father told him to r
images/000025667.jpg	was several days that he did not hammer a
images/000025668.jpg	up his anger and develop kindness. Unfor
images/000025669.jpg	he minister. He ordered for a pair of leather
images/000025670.jpg	 trunk and drink some water from a nearby sp
images/000025671.jpg	im, myself.”“Neither have I,” Harry adde
images/000025672.jpg	so didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who is Sant
images/000025673.jpg	 myself.”“Neither have I,” Harry added, shaking 
images/000025674.jpg	over your feet?’The king was very much surprised
images/000025675.jpg	erfly just crawled around with withered wings an
images/000025676.jpg	 anything new. Their voices are not taken into a
images/000025677.jpg	 learning. It requires much time, commit
images/000025678.jpg	fence and hammered a nail. In the next few days,
images/000025679.jpg	time. But I have put so much pressure on myself
images/000025680.jpg	 Emily. “So forget about the whole idea. L
images/000025681.jpg	 comprehension, one should get access to a l
images/000025682.jpg	he cocoon. He was watching the butterfly strug
images/000025683.jpg	of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the declin
images/000025684.jpg	!Now, his father told him to remove the 
images/000025685.jpg	ration gap exists in our daily life, whethe
images/000025686.jpg	rn, the first surroundings is the family in w
images/000025687.jpg	ed in English learning. It requires much ti
images/000025688.jpg	s quite happy that he visited many pilgrim cent
images/000025689.jpg	friends due to anger. He invited all wor
images/000025690.jpg	ting computers are playing a more and more import
images/000025691.jpg	 good intention, only going through the struggles
images/000025692.jpg	do we die? For all the answers, stick your thumb 
images/000025693.jpg	led. Finally, the boy’s father came up wi
images/000025694.jpg	atening emergency, humanism can be as imp
images/000025695.jpg	rtant part in shaping children's personality.
images/000025696.jpg	hod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick 
images/000025697.jpg	ul and colourful butterfly comes from an un
images/000025698.jpg	nd us of the meaning of humanism. If we tre
images/000025699.jpg	t-to-lunch president of the galaxy; Trillian (fo
images/000025700.jpg	d's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick u
images/000025701.jpg	d it to read English textbooks or jonrnals and at
images/000025702.jpg	eks, he returned to the palace. He was quite ha
images/000025703.jpg	s apparent in the story of "The Right Son a
images/000025704.jpg	ion of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
images/000025705.jpg	The sparrow continued: “I think all of you shou
images/000025706.jpg	appy that he visited many pilgrim centres and co
images/000025707.jpg	 families are proud of their harmony and unity. 
images/000025708.jpg	 home now before you catch a cold.”Change Y
images/000025709.jpg	eys said, “I wish we could find some fire
images/000025710.jpg	d edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Gala
images/000025711.jpg	or exampie,first I will jion a soccer club,
images/000025712.jpg	revious invitation.Chinese families are proud o
images/000025713.jpg	le was a package. The hungry fox immediately
images/000025714.jpg	they reached the slippery riverbank, now delibe
images/000025715.jpg	 much worried about the people who used to 
images/000025716.jpg	owever, there remained a few nails that the bo
images/000025717.jpg	was a cold and silent night. The weather wa
images/000025718.jpg	 happy that he visited many pilgrim centres an
images/000025719.jpg	ansform from an ugly caterpillar into a bea
images/000025720.jpg	was no progress. It seemed that the butterfl
images/000025721.jpg	 hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his temper.
images/000025722.jpg	ely, neither the wings expanded or enlarged nor t
images/000025723.jpg	n computers per week, ranging from about 1.5 hour
images/000025724.jpg	” Emily asked.Short Stories - Christmas Su
images/000025725.jpg	 different generations. Those who grow up
images/000025726.jpg	accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't f
images/000025727.jpg	led his anger. Several days passed and the
images/000025728.jpg	 due to his bad temper. The boy used to get angr
images/000025729.jpg	ords. He scolded kids, neighbours and even his f
images/000025730.jpg	 a cocktail party once upon a time zone; Marvin
images/000025731.jpg	 different things appeal to different generatio
images/000025732.jpg	nerations should be responsible for solvin
images/000025733.jpg	 food in the tree trunk while he cut down tr
images/000025734.jpg	e me do well in the exam. I want to be ha
images/000025735.jpg	 group of monkeys were on a tree. They were c
images/000025736.jpg	s. His bad temper made him fall for angr
images/000025737.jpg	. Computers largely broaden our vision.How to
images/000025738.jpg	ficult for one who sets his mind on it.View
images/000025739.jpg	dren. Chinese families tend to socialize to
images/000025740.jpg	h her for several days.Last I will help my 
images/000025741.jpg	ch other's outlooks on the world, the gap be
images/000025742.jpg	e forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends
images/000025743.jpg	w travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-head
images/000025744.jpg	es are not taken into account. These differ
images/000025745.jpg	re many examples that demonstrate humanism
images/000025746.jpg	r. Humanism makes the world a more beautiful pla
images/000025747.jpg	 the television in the evening.The Importance
images/000025748.jpg	, for the last fifteen years, has been posin
images/000025749.jpg	and his donkey were walking along together. Th
images/000025750.jpg	ed English and they need it for different 
images/000025751.jpg	e butterfly would come out of the cocoon. He was 
images/000025752.jpg	s perseverance in face of hardship. Don't be int
images/000025753.jpg	nd could see his fellow people leading a
images/000025754.jpg	ith friends one can get into the society 
images/000025755.jpg	 to us. It makes us do things more quickly. F
images/000025756.jpg	rby spring. However, no matter how hard he
images/000025757.jpg	he little boy found it very difficult to ham
images/000025758.jpg	le can afford their own personal computers.
images/000025759.jpg	kills.Second I will go to my grandma's house,b
images/000025760.jpg	ed what they were doing. The sparrow laughed.
images/000025761.jpg	t The WorldLong ago, people happily lived unde
images/000025762.jpg	ojagig, a former graduate student obsessed wit
images/000025763.jpg	 seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She does
images/000025764.jpg	e doesn’t know much about our winters.”It turned
images/000025765.jpg	earn English well. In order to improve the abi
images/000025766.jpg	m, they just want me to be happy. I know I
images/000025767.jpg	rstyle and weird clothes. Young people eithe
images/000025768.jpg	ulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making some e
images/000025769.jpg	s father that it was several days that he did
images/000025770.jpg	umb to the stars!Summer holiday is comi
images/000025771.jpg	 society, so by contacting with friends o
images/000025772.jpg	 him a huge bag of nails. He asked his son
images/000025773.jpg	hrough the verbal usage. While he forgot wh
images/000025774.jpg	 I know I should relax myself and be happ
images/000025775.jpg	and the fierce market competition, the pric
images/000025776.jpg	 the elders have been proud of.People have diff
images/000025777.jpg	very stony. He could not tolerate the pain 
images/000025778.jpg	aces. He decided to travel by foot to inte
images/000025779.jpg	he revised edition of The Hitchhiker's G
images/000025780.jpg	tively more than in other countries' family
images/000025781.jpg	volves several reasons. With the rapid progressi
images/000025782.jpg	 part of the forest for many years. I guess he i
images/000025783.jpg	 - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spr
images/000025784.jpg	ately.The king thought that he had to change
images/000025785.jpg	 insights into other cultures and keeps 
images/000025786.jpg	omputer has brought a lot of benefits to us. I
images/000025787.jpg	down over and over again so that many people can
images/000025788.jpg	 it comes to the problem of generation gap, p
images/000025789.jpg	 the donkey’s trick. He then returned home aga
images/000025790.jpg	brate holidays and entertain friends. The 
images/000025791.jpg	he was quite eager to watch the butterfl
images/000025792.jpg	s never able to live a life like a butterfly!
images/000025793.jpg	flies. He knew how a butterfly would struggl
images/000025794.jpg	the last fifteen years, has been posing as an ou
images/000025795.jpg	several days that he did not hammer any 
images/000025796.jpg	on, only going through the struggles the butter
images/000025797.jpg	ucked off the planet by his friend Ford Prefec
images/000025798.jpg	ld as it is, so they are the dearest parts in
images/000025799.jpg	oming, and generous to visitors who can drop
images/000025800.jpg	ion.Chinese families are proud of their har
images/000025801.jpg	nd watch how the butterfly would come out of the
images/000025802.jpg	ole idea. Let’s go home now before you cat
images/000025803.jpg	 thought that there might be food in it, and he
images/000025804.jpg	to the sparrow. They continued to blow a
images/000025805.jpg	anta Claus is only for human children,” Fritz sa
images/000025806.jpg	he nails from the fence. However, there remai
images/000025807.jpg	 Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick u
images/000025808.jpg	After several weeks, he returned to the p
images/000025809.jpg	er able to live a life like a butterfly!One day
images/000025810.jpg	It was a cold and silent night. The weather was 
images/000025811.jpg	ear his order as it would destroy the life of
images/000025812.jpg	fly emerged without any struggle!Unfortuna
images/000025813.jpg	f fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-
images/000025814.jpg	appy. He jumped into the hole and when h
images/000025815.jpg	ead English textbooks or jonrnals and attend Eng
images/000025816.jpg	rable pain in his feet as it was his first t
images/000025817.jpg	ls, which can also help accumulate and enlarge yo
images/000025818.jpg	he only son for them. The parents of the li
images/000025819.jpg	 students need it to read English textbooks o
images/000025820.jpg	 have a conversation with their king and the
images/000025821.jpg	ow to Be a Successful English LearnerAlmost al
images/000025822.jpg	a lot of time around butterflies. He kne
images/000025823.jpg	t and could not give any more try.The man, w
images/000025824.jpg	nd shelter, while friends give them strength an
images/000025825.jpg	may not be in favor of their children's hairst
images/000025826.jpg	 As long as both sides keep their minds open
images/000025827.jpg	tch a cold.”Change Yourself and not The World
images/000025828.jpg	terials, which can also help accumulate 
images/000025829.jpg	arket competition, the price has been ma
images/000025830.jpg	ant places were so happy to have a conve
images/000025831.jpg	ly are respectively more than in other co
images/000025832.jpg	 butterflies decided to help the butterfly. He 
images/000025833.jpg	.The man was happy that he made the but
images/000025834.jpg	ething to eat. He was very hungry. No matter h
images/000025835.jpg	unch president of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly 
images/000025836.jpg	d when he opened the package, he saw there were 
images/000025837.jpg	a propitious life. However, he had regret
images/000025838.jpg	 another important part in shaping children's
images/000025839.jpg	to the old man in time of need. The young 
images/000025840.jpg	Both generations should be responsible for 
images/000025841.jpg	 happy as they had a very prosperous life wit
images/000025842.jpg	rever. Your bad temper and anger were li
images/000025843.jpg	and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate student ob
images/000025844.jpg	ox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie an
images/000025845.jpg	his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a mer
images/000025846.jpg	iting all the human children to have much tim
images/000025847.jpg	as born, the first surroundings is the fa
images/000025848.jpg	 play an important role in shaping children's c
images/000025849.jpg	le. The family gathers together to celeb
images/000025850.jpg	the fox had eaten so much food that he became t
images/000025851.jpg	is temper, he ran to the fence and hammered a nai
images/000025852.jpg	” she asked me, shivering in the cold air.“S
images/000025853.jpg	r seen him, myself.”“Neither have I,” Harry adde
images/000025854.jpg	py as they had a very prosperous life with abun
images/000025855.jpg	p at a cocktail party once upon a time zon
images/000025856.jpg	rtunately, the donkey slipped and fell i
images/000025857.jpg	 invited all worries for his parents through t
images/000025858.jpg	ll village, a little boy lived with his 
images/000025859.jpg	30 times on the first day! Every time he lost hi
images/000025860.jpg	r tried to pick up at a cocktail party once
images/000025861.jpg	o help her in the holidays.What will you d
images/000025862.jpg	 of humanism is apparent in the story of "
images/000025863.jpg	t was fire.He caught a firefly. He put it
images/000025864.jpg	 of living, friends make another important part i
images/000025865.jpg	s should have some ideal qualities to su
images/000025866.jpg	axyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox,
images/000025867.jpg	ve a piece of leather cut in appropriate shape
images/000025868.jpg	ttle boy found it very difficult to hammer t
images/000025869.jpg	keys also joined in his effort.A sparrow
images/000025870.jpg	e; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically
images/000025871.jpg	ed with his little niece Emily and introd
images/000025872.jpg	 tired. Now they realized what the sparrow had
images/000025873.jpg	great deal. There is a drastic increase of th
images/000025874.jpg	mes on the first day! Every time he lost
images/000025875.jpg	ll the ballpoint pens he's bought over the years
images/000025876.jpg	fly. He got a pair of scissors and tweaked th
images/000025877.jpg	ded a helping hand to the old man in time of nee
images/000025878.jpg	ut through the tiny opening. Unfortunatel
images/000025879.jpg	Some think that maybe the old generation is too c
images/000025880.jpg	efly. He put it under a dry leaf and start
images/000025881.jpg	hat a beautiful and colourful butterfly come
images/000025882.jpg	? Why are we born? Why do we die? For al
images/000025883.jpg	erfly would come out of the cocoon. He w
images/000025884.jpg	 solving the problem. As long as both sides ke
images/000025885.jpg	e. Both sides should talk over their problems w
images/000025886.jpg	boy found it very difficult to hammer the nails 
images/000025887.jpg	 other countries' family. In China, children live
images/000025888.jpg	 helping hand to the old man in time of ne
images/000025889.jpg	s apparent in the story of "The Right Son at th
images/000025890.jpg	 a life-threatening emergency, humanism can 
images/000025891.jpg	d to lose his temper. The little boy found it h
images/000025892.jpg	uddenly they noticed a flock of fireflie
images/000025893.jpg	a cocktail party once upon a time zone; Marvin, a
images/000025894.jpg	really tired when I was go to school. Except f
images/000025895.jpg	t. These different ideas disturb both of
images/000025896.jpg	 example of humanistic behavior. In the event
images/000025897.jpg	ers speaking English better than you. Partic
images/000025898.jpg	any years. I guess he is too busy visiti
images/000025899.jpg	s a cold and silent night. The weather was
images/000025900.jpg	a small village, a little boy lived with his 
images/000025901.jpg	 so much pressure on myself. One day, my pare
images/000025902.jpg	ised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the 
images/000025903.jpg	ies! The continuous effort from the butter
images/000025904.jpg	ousework. She was really tired when I was 
images/000025905.jpg	 Further more, it gives us insights into oth
images/000025906.jpg	o help her in the holidays.What will you do o
images/000025907.jpg	. Occasional examples of human goodness ca
images/000025908.jpg	eachers, so family does play an importan
images/000025909.jpg	 the pain as he walked all the way through the 
images/000025910.jpg	shivering in the cold air.“Santa Claus,” I expla
images/000025911.jpg	 wish that I had thought a little before j
images/000025912.jpg	nerous to visitors who can drop in on fr
images/000025913.jpg	py that he made the butterfly come out of th
images/000025914.jpg	more quickly. Further more, it gives us i
images/000025915.jpg	or set themselves against what the elders have be
images/000025916.jpg	l hours. He spent almost more than 10 hour
images/000025917.jpg	derstand the world as it is, so they are t
images/000025918.jpg	 a little boy lived with his father and mot
images/000025919.jpg	would let the fluid stored in the body conve
images/000025920.jpg	ns why generation gap comes into being. S
images/000025921.jpg	 The merchant and his donkey were walking along t
images/000025922.jpg	 unappealing worm! Here is the story of a butterf
images/000025923.jpg	ere very depressed due to his bad temper. The bo
images/000025924.jpg	gether. They had not walked far when they reach
images/000025925.jpg	that was never able to live a life like a butterf
images/000025926.jpg	with the disappearance of all the ballpo
images/000025927.jpg	ery hungry. No matter how hard he tried,
images/000025928.jpg	onderful machine. Today it is used a gre
images/000025929.jpg	s us do things more quickly. Further more, it
images/000025930.jpg	 seemed that the butterfly tried its bes
images/000025931.jpg	in it.Inside the hole was a package. The hungr
images/000025932.jpg	er, no matter how hard he tried, he could not get
images/000025933.jpg	s were stunned to hear his order as it wo
images/000025934.jpg	ecame very happy. He jumped into the hole and w
images/000025935.jpg	computers are playing a more and more important 
images/000025936.jpg	 appreciated him and asked him pointing to the 
images/000025937.jpg	 nearby spring. However, no matter how hard he t
images/000025938.jpg	eir king was so kind with a good heart!After sev
images/000025939.jpg	as time.”“Does he also bring presents to ani
images/000025940.jpg	utterflies. He knew how a butterfly would
images/000025941.jpg	the butterfly tried its best and could not giv
images/000025942.jpg	our society. Humanism calls for us to pay closer 
images/000025943.jpg	hildren live with their parents even after they
images/000025944.jpg	ght that he had to change this for the bett
images/000025945.jpg	n friends. The household is always friendly
images/000025946.jpg	ctors may influence a person's growth. T
images/000025947.jpg	beautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded
images/000025948.jpg	reduced.Unfortunately, the butterfly just cr
images/000025949.jpg	butterflies and had a craze for its wonderful 
images/000025950.jpg	e of me, she also has to work. Therefore, I want
images/000025951.jpg	ies' family. In China, children live with
images/000025952.jpg	word, families offer children warmth, care an
images/000025953.jpg	lded kids, neighbours and even his friends due to
images/000025954.jpg	g ago, people happily lived under the rule 
images/000025955.jpg	struggling very hard for hours to come out thr
images/000025956.jpg	 decided to sit over and watch how the butterfl
images/000025957.jpg	ciated him and asked him pointing to the hol
images/000025958.jpg	emper and anger were like that! Words are mor
images/000025959.jpg	 to them.Both generations should be responsi
images/000025960.jpg	ildren's character. As parents, they should lea
images/000025961.jpg	e quickly. Further more, it gives us insight
images/000025962.jpg	awled around with withered wings and huge bo
images/000025963.jpg	ngs, shrink the body and the wings could s
images/000025964.jpg	 have many pleasant characters. If we say 
images/000025965.jpg	put it under a dry leaf and started blowi
images/000025966.jpg	sters were stunned to hear his order as it woul
images/000025967.jpg	d temper and they were hammered on people. Yo
images/000025968.jpg	that the butterfly was trying to make its way to
images/000025969.jpg	d wings.The man was happy that he made the b
images/000025970.jpg	hat he made the butterfly come out of the cocoon
images/000025971.jpg	archer for the revised edition of The Hitchh
images/000025972.jpg	ldren and keep the lines of communications 
images/000025973.jpg	nt and his DonkeyShort Stories - A Merchant 
images/000025974.jpg	on common human needs and seeks rational w
images/000025975.jpg	 tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening for th
images/000025976.jpg	aw a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had 
images/000025977.jpg	 parents of the little boy were very dep
images/000025978.jpg	 than in other countries' family. In Chin
images/000025979.jpg	riend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised
images/000025980.jpg	s led to this phenomenon? As far as I know, i
images/000025981.jpg	the body and the wings could support the
images/000025982.jpg	e.  The father appreciated him and asked hi
images/000025983.jpg	moved the remaining cocoon. The butterfly 
images/000025984.jpg	on without any more struggles. He continu
images/000025985.jpg	l days passed and the boy was able to pull ou
images/000025986.jpg	t our winters.”It turned out Emily also
images/000025987.jpg	 old woodcutter had placed the food in the tree 
images/000025988.jpg	onkey were walking along together. They 
images/000025989.jpg	o the hole, ‘What do you see there?’The
images/000025990.jpg	exam, they just want me to be happy. I know I
images/000025991.jpg	r more, it gives us insights into other cul
images/000025992.jpg	e ideal qualities to succeed in English learnin
images/000025993.jpg	he load becoming lighter, it became heavie
images/000025994.jpg	st all the students need English and they nee
images/000025995.jpg	ay closer attention to our fellows. Occas
images/000025996.jpg	own trees in the forest. He was going to ea
images/000025997.jpg	dren and keep the lines of communications with t
images/000025998.jpg	anism plays an important role in the main
images/000025999.jpg	s to a lot of reading materials, which c
images/000026000.jpg	parents, they should learn to understand th
images/000026001.jpg	sents and toys to human children at Christmas tim
images/000026002.jpg	ration is keen on are disgusting to them
images/000026003.jpg	s it would destroy the life of thousands of cows
images/000026004.jpg	t families offer the environment of living, frien
images/000026005.jpg	ts and toys to human children at Christmas time.”
images/000026006.jpg	e day, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies
images/000026007.jpg	 happiness of the people.His ministers 
images/000026008.jpg	tter how hard he tried, he could not get out o
images/000026009.jpg	ced.Unfortunately, the butterfly just crawl
images/000026010.jpg	ld find some fire. It will help us to ke
images/000026011.jpg	In short, the most essential quality for success
images/000026012.jpg	tion gap, people's ideas are not cut from
images/000026013.jpg	e!Unfortunately, the butterfly looked no longe
images/000026014.jpg	pport the body.  Unfortunately, neither 
images/000026015.jpg	mony and unity. Each member of the family cont
images/000026016.jpg	nt opinions on the reasons why generation gap co
images/000026017.jpg	ve emerged like any other beautiful butt
images/000026018.jpg	rage. They both help children to understand the 
images/000026019.jpg	s house,because I miss her very much.I w
images/000026020.jpg	their children's hairstyle and weird clothes.
images/000026021.jpg	in anger, his friends and neighbours avoided h
images/000026022.jpg	at the bags of salt loaded on his back became lig
images/000026023.jpg	se I miss her very much.I want to stay with her
images/000026024.jpg	en I do well in the exam, I will show my pap
images/000026025.jpg	butterfly. The butterfly had been struggling very
images/000026026.jpg	laxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebro
images/000026027.jpg	a Claus,” I explained, “brings presents and 
images/000026028.jpg	ngth and courage. They both help children to u
images/000026029.jpg	is temper. The little boy found it hilariou
images/000026030.jpg	ly just crawled around with withered wings 
images/000026031.jpg	 that families offer the environment of living, 
images/000026032.jpg	t of living, friends make another important
images/000026033.jpg	 Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised e
images/000026034.jpg	nts through the verbal usage. While he forgot 
images/000026035.jpg	 so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, 
images/000026036.jpg	Don't feel embarrassed when making some embarra
images/000026037.jpg	ved the remaining cocoon. The butterfly e
images/000026038.jpg	of the family contributes to household dut
images/000026039.jpg	estroy the life of thousands of cows to get 
images/000026040.jpg	d be responsible for solving the problem. As long
images/000026041.jpg	mbers in a Chinese family are respectively mor
images/000026042.jpg	 used to get angry very soon and taunt others w
images/000026043.jpg	nomenon? As far as I know, it involves sever
images/000026044.jpg	le.His ministers were stunned to hear hi
images/000026045.jpg	ody would become lighter and smaller and the 
images/000026046.jpg	 Humanism calls for us to pay closer att
images/000026047.jpg	are the connections between children and the so
images/000026048.jpg	the family in which he will grow up. Par
images/000026049.jpg	as disturb both of them. Most of the things
images/000026050.jpg	 our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline 
images/000026051.jpg	rcher for the revised edition of The Hitchhike
images/000026052.jpg	 other's outlooks on the world, the gap betw
images/000026053.jpg	 from the same cloth. Parents may not be in favo
images/000026054.jpg	nto wings. Thus, the body would become lighter an
images/000026055.jpg	 minister. He ordered for a pair of leath
images/000026056.jpg	old and silent night. The weather was freezi
images/000026057.jpg	d even though you find others speaking English
images/000026058.jpg	he butterfly would come out of the cocoon. He was
images/000026059.jpg	 Here is the story of a butterfly that was 
images/000026060.jpg	for different purposes. Some students need
images/000026061.jpg	e I miss her very much.I want to stay with her fo
images/000026062.jpg	due to anger. He invited all worries for his p
images/000026063.jpg	 not cut from the same cloth. Parents may 
images/000026064.jpg	onand applauded the minister. He ordered for a p
images/000026065.jpg	and the boy was able to pull out most of
images/000026066.jpg	nts should have some ideal qualities to succeed i
images/000026067.jpg	The butterfly had been struggling very ha
images/000026068.jpg	 not get out of the hole. Do you know why?
images/000026069.jpg	applied in almost every field of our life. Mean
images/000026070.jpg	to eat. After the fox had finished eating
images/000026071.jpg	 in a Chinese family are respectively mor
images/000026072.jpg	tions with them open, at the same time t
images/000026073.jpg	spring morning, a merchant loaded his donkey
images/000026074.jpg	 taken into account. These different ideas dist
images/000026075.jpg	. He knew how a butterfly would struggle to tr
images/000026076.jpg	he body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings exp
images/000026077.jpg	 struggling to break the shell for severa
images/000026078.jpg	ng care of me, she also has to work. Ther
images/000026079.jpg	e was reduced and the day arrived when no nail 
images/000026080.jpg	estionand applauded the minister. He ord
images/000026081.jpg	Further more, it gives us insights into 
images/000026082.jpg	 character. As parents, they should lear
images/000026083.jpg	The monkeys did not listen to the sparro
images/000026084.jpg	 cocoon without any more struggles. He cont
images/000026085.jpg	 make way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent 
images/000026086.jpg	a tree. They were clinging to its branches.
images/000026087.jpg	 became very tired. Now they realized what th
images/000026088.jpg	nded or enlarged nor the swollen body red
images/000026089.jpg	 demonstrate humanism. The spirit of humanis
images/000026090.jpg	of humanism is apparent in the story of "Th
images/000026091.jpg	lled his anger. Several days passed and th
images/000026092.jpg	 visited many pilgrim centres and could see hi
images/000026093.jpg	nt to undergo any struggle, we won’t be able t
images/000026094.jpg	me very tired. Now they realized what the sp
images/000026095.jpg	anistic behavior. In the event of a life-threate
images/000026096.jpg	t to hammer the nails and decided to control his
images/000026097.jpg	rough the hole.The fox was very sad and upset
images/000026098.jpg	lem. As long as both sides keep their minds 
images/000026099.jpg	 was several days that he did not hammer any n
images/000026100.jpg	 I guess he is too busy visiting all the human c
images/000026101.jpg	 Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the cold air
images/000026102.jpg	t. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he
images/000026103.jpg	nds of cows to get the sufficient quantity of l
images/000026104.jpg	cMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tr
images/000026105.jpg	work. She was really tired when I was go to schoo
images/000026106.jpg	l to different generations. Those who grow up
images/000026107.jpg	ght that at any time, the butterfly might expand
images/000026108.jpg	't feel embarrassed when making some embarrass
images/000026109.jpg	ours and even his friends due to anger. He 
images/000026110.jpg	generations. Those who grow up in happy fa
images/000026111.jpg	sed a great deal. There is a drastic increase
images/000026112.jpg	ative idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you want
images/000026113.jpg	d not pull out.The boy told his father abou
images/000026114.jpg	iday, I want to practice more to improve my 
images/000026115.jpg	nail. In the next few days, the number of 
images/000026116.jpg	 butterfly might expand the wings, shrink t
images/000026117.jpg	 his bad temper. The boy used to get angry v
images/000026118.jpg	bad temper made him fall for angry words. 
images/000026119.jpg	 difficult for one who sets his mind on it.Vi
images/000026120.jpg	se them to embrace the relationships. Use them
images/000026121.jpg	The foolish, tricky donkey again set on its way
images/000026122.jpg	ta Claus is only for human children,” Fritz said 
images/000026123.jpg	rs, etc.Students should have some ideal qualit
images/000026124.jpg	o us. It makes us do things more quickly. Furth
images/000026125.jpg	 have a conversation with their king and they we
images/000026126.jpg	 weird clothes. Young people either turn a
images/000026127.jpg	the fence was reduced and the day arrived whe
images/000026128.jpg	ng the merchant could do, except return home whe
images/000026129.jpg	to hammer in the fence for 30 times on the fi
images/000026130.jpg	rfly!One day, a man saw a cocoon. He loved but
images/000026131.jpg	es. He knew how a butterfly would struggle to tr
images/000026132.jpg	manism plays an important role in the maintena
images/000026133.jpg	keep the lines of communications with them ope
images/000026134.jpg	y donkey again set on its way. On reaching the
images/000026135.jpg	The man, who had a passion and love for butt
images/000026136.jpg	 them to show your heart!”A Merchant and his
images/000026137.jpg	 emergency, humanism can be as important
images/000026138.jpg	blebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie
images/000026139.jpg	m open, at the same time they must keep in m
images/000026140.jpg	commitment and discipline to learn English well
images/000026141.jpg	ogether. They had not walked far when they re
images/000026142.jpg	of their harmony and unity. Each member of the f
images/000026143.jpg	 keeps our minds open to better ways of 
images/000026144.jpg	. The fence never look the same! It has scars al
images/000026145.jpg	d him in many ways to give up his anger and 
images/000026146.jpg	n time of need. The young man's actions 
images/000026147.jpg	ught a lot of benefits to us. It makes us 
images/000026148.jpg	nd unity. Each member of the family contri
images/000026149.jpg	upon a time, there was a hungry fox that was lo
images/000026150.jpg	s. Computers largely broaden our vision.Ho
images/000026151.jpg	d have emerged like any other beautiful 
images/000026152.jpg	es play an important role in shaping children'
images/000026153.jpg	. In China, children live with their parents
images/000026154.jpg	exam, I will show my paper to my parents
images/000026155.jpg	come lighter and smaller and the wings would
images/000026156.jpg	 the butterfly and he was quite eager to watch
images/000026157.jpg	dents need to use it to talk to English-speakers,
images/000026158.jpg	ampie,first I will jion a soccer club,because I
images/000026159.jpg	ust keep in mind that different things appeal t
images/000026160.jpg	n just have a piece of leather cut in approp
images/000026161.jpg	the fence was reduced to half. The little boy fou
images/000026162.jpg	ime". The soldier extended a helping hand t
images/000026163.jpg	e same! It has scars all over! You can stab a 
images/000026164.jpg	ompetition, the price has been marked down over 
images/000026165.jpg	tterflies. He knew how a butterfly would str
images/000026166.jpg	 all over! You can stab a man with a knife,
images/000026167.jpg	ecided to sit over and watch how the butterfl
images/000026168.jpg	 be happy all the time. But I have put so
images/000026169.jpg	and accompany them. People of distant plac
images/000026170.jpg	can get into the society and become sociab
images/000026171.jpg	sm. If we treat our fellows with respect and to
images/000026172.jpg	th friends one can get into the society and be
images/000026173.jpg	 Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's g
images/000026174.jpg	s he had controlled his anger. Several days 
images/000026175.jpg	also didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who is San
images/000026176.jpg	nkey slipped and fell into the river and noticed
images/000026177.jpg	and courage. They both help children to underst
images/000026178.jpg	over their problems with each other acti
images/000026179.jpg	nity. Each member of the family contributes
images/000026180.jpg	ily. In China, children live with their parents e
images/000026181.jpg	king decided to go on a travel to visit plac
images/000026182.jpg	en to each other's outlooks on the world, t
images/000026183.jpg	he forest and searched there for food. S
images/000026184.jpg	d and fell into the river and noticed that the b
images/000026185.jpg	e how I do well in the exam, they just wan
images/000026186.jpg	 people's ideas are not cut from the same clot
images/000026187.jpg	es. Young people either turn a deaf ear to the
images/000026188.jpg	ome out of the cocoon without any more struggl
images/000026189.jpg	ays friendly, welcoming, and generous to visitors
images/000026190.jpg	 holidays and entertain friends. The house
images/000026191.jpg	 Time". The soldier extended a helping hand to th
images/000026192.jpg	hat! Words are more painful than physical abus
images/000026193.jpg	e fox was very sad and upset. He told himself, 
images/000026194.jpg	were sitting on the same tree. She noticed 
images/000026195.jpg	amily gathers together to celebrate holidays 
images/000026196.jpg	nications with them open, at the same tim
images/000026197.jpg	nistic behavior. In the event of a life-th
images/000026198.jpg	 not give any more try.The man, who had a
images/000026199.jpg	y, the donkey fell into the river and wasted all
images/000026200.jpg	low at our poor firefly.After some time the m
images/000026201.jpg	pped and fell into the river and noticed tha
images/000026202.jpg	itz said to Emily. “So forget about the wh
images/000026203.jpg	Now they realized what the sparrow had said was
images/000026204.jpg	n friends and relatives without previous invit
images/000026205.jpg	days passed and the boy was able to pull out most
images/000026206.jpg	tunately, all their attempts failed. Finally
images/000026207.jpg	he monkeys did not listen to the sparrow. The
images/000026208.jpg	e then returned home again but re-loaded 
images/000026209.jpg	 in face of hardship. Don't be intimidated eve
images/000026210.jpg	o embrace the relationships. Use them to sh
images/000026211.jpg	the same cloth. Parents may not be in favor of t
images/000026212.jpg	 change this for the betterment and happiness o
images/000026213.jpg	 with the cocoon and the butterfly. The bu
images/000026214.jpg	father appreciated him and asked him pointing t
images/000026215.jpg	 shoes for him and requested the countrymen 
images/000026216.jpg	 many pleasant characters. If we say that fa
images/000026217.jpg	fly would come out of the cocoon. He was w
images/000026218.jpg	ooks on the world, the gap between them will be
images/000026219.jpg	an to the fence and hammered a nail. In the next 
images/000026220.jpg	Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so muc
images/000026221.jpg	king English better than you. Participate in al
images/000026222.jpg	ple's ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Par
images/000026223.jpg	ach member of the family contributes to ho
images/000026224.jpg	 father about the same.  The father appreciat
images/000026225.jpg	 in the story of "The Right Son at the Right
images/000026226.jpg	fly would come out of the cocoon. He was watchin
images/000026227.jpg	re you catch a cold.”Change Yourself and not The
images/000026228.jpg	. Today it is used a great deal. There is a drast
images/000026229.jpg	children's hairstyle and weird clothes. Y
images/000026230.jpg	urs avoided him.His mother and father console
images/000026231.jpg	hich affect a person's growth. One is family, and
images/000026232.jpg	rket competition, the price has been mark
images/000026233.jpg	cocktail party once upon a time zone; Marvin, a
images/000026234.jpg	 they noticed a flock of fireflies. One of
images/000026235.jpg	ldLong ago, people happily lived under t
images/000026236.jpg	 that was never able to live a life like a butter
images/000026237.jpg	ge body. It was never able to fly all thr
images/000026238.jpg	 another important part in shaping childr
images/000026239.jpg	se families tend to socialize together, wi
images/000026240.jpg	food. Finally he went to the edge of the f
images/000026241.jpg	rs. In fact, he used to spend a lot of time aroun
images/000026242.jpg	orest and searched there for food. Suddenly he
images/000026243.jpg	. When it comes to the problem of generatio
images/000026244.jpg	tory of a butterfly that was never able to live
images/000026245.jpg	mas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t be
images/000026246.jpg	rrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys th
images/000026247.jpg	 fall for angry words. He scolded kids, neighbo
images/000026248.jpg	ling to break the shell for several hours.
images/000026249.jpg	e loaded his donkey with more bags of salt. 
images/000026250.jpg	nts and toys to human children at Christmas time.
images/000026251.jpg	o being. Some think that maybe the old generatio
images/000026252.jpg	eaking English better than you. Participate 
images/000026253.jpg	en to better ways of seeing things. Comp
images/000026254.jpg	at he visited many pilgrim centres and could 
images/000026255.jpg	 will be. Nothing in the world is diffic
images/000026256.jpg	ts way. On reaching the river he again fell int
images/000026257.jpg	 different purposes. Some students need i
images/000026258.jpg	ples of human goodness can remind us of the m
images/000026259.jpg	cow to cover the road with leather? Rather
images/000026260.jpg	 different ideas disturb both of them. Most o
images/000026261.jpg	e never look the same! It has scars all o
images/000026262.jpg	t demonstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism i
images/000026263.jpg	body convert into wings. Thus, the body w
images/000026264.jpg	in the fence!’He told the boy, “The nails were 
images/000026265.jpg	rs with his words. His bad temper made him fall 
images/000026266.jpg	For all the answers, stick your thumb to t
images/000026267.jpg	h tiny opening. It meant that the butterfly wa
images/000026268.jpg	hristmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he
images/000026269.jpg	nts need it to read English textbooks or jonrn
images/000026270.jpg	cow to cover the road with leather? Rather, 
images/000026271.jpg	was so kind with a good heart!After severa
images/000026272.jpg	to stay with her for several days.Last I wil
images/000026273.jpg	ravel by foot to interact with his people 
images/000026274.jpg	self and not The WorldLong ago, people happily
images/000026275.jpg	erfly and removed the remaining cocoon. The but
images/000026276.jpg	he world is difficult for one who sets his mind o
images/000026277.jpg	neration gap, people's ideas are not cut from
images/000026278.jpg	 Humanism calls for us to pay closer attention to
images/000026279.jpg	roblem. As long as both sides keep their m
images/000026280.jpg	he cocoon without any more struggles. He
images/000026281.jpg	riends. The household is always friendly,
images/000026282.jpg	soled him in many ways to give up his anger
images/000026283.jpg	 finished eating, he felt thirsty and deci
images/000026284.jpg	 by foot to longer distance. He complained
images/000026285.jpg	him a huge bag of nails. He asked his son to ham
images/000026286.jpg	e zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chr
images/000026287.jpg	 and unity. Each member of the family contributes
images/000026288.jpg	s.Where are these pens? Why are we born? Why d
images/000026289.jpg	rmth, care and shelter, while friends gi
images/000026290.jpg	o is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shiver
images/000026291.jpg	were very happy as they had a very prospero
images/000026292.jpg	ilies offer the environment of living, friends ma
images/000026293.jpg	 spring. However, no matter how hard he 
images/000026294.jpg	urs that people spend on computers per week,
images/000026295.jpg	ge bag of nails. He asked his son to ham
images/000026296.jpg	mily. “So forget about the whole idea. Let
images/000026297.jpg	d, “he hasn’t been around this part of the fores
images/000026298.jpg	ay with her for several days.Last I will help
images/000026299.jpg	new. Their voices are not taken into acc
images/000026300.jpg	ish, tricky donkey again set on its way.
images/000026301.jpg	ammered a nail. In the next few days, the n
images/000026302.jpg	al hours. He spent almost more than 10 hours wit
images/000026303.jpg	ies - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I sa
images/000026304.jpg	se his temper!Now, his father told him to remov
images/000026305.jpg	 forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home no
images/000026306.jpg	. As parents, they should learn to unders
images/000026307.jpg	hy generation gap comes into being. Some t
images/000026308.jpg	 without any more struggles. He continued to watc
images/000026309.jpg	ng together. They had not walked far when they 
images/000026310.jpg	ll grow up. Parents are children's first teachers
images/000026311.jpg	nd asked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you
images/000026312.jpg	 world, the gap between them will be narrowed do
images/000026313.jpg	 boy told his father about the same.  Th
images/000026314.jpg	nds open to each other's outlooks on the world, t
images/000026315.jpg	red wings and huge body. It was never able t
images/000026316.jpg	out the whole idea. Let’s go home now bef
images/000026317.jpg	ns between children and the society, so by
images/000026318.jpg	 not find food. Finally he went to the edge o
images/000026319.jpg	 trunk while he cut down trees in the forest. He
images/000026320.jpg	families offer the environment of living, frien
images/000026321.jpg	 No matter how hard he tried, the fox could no
images/000026322.jpg	e zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and
images/000026323.jpg	many years. I guess he is too busy visiting 
images/000026324.jpg	n happy families tend to have many pleasant 
images/000026325.jpg	er he again fell into the water. But instea
images/000026326.jpg	the boy, “The nails were your bad temper and
images/000026327.jpg	hungry fox immediately thought that there 
images/000026328.jpg	part in shaping children's personality. Fr
images/000026329.jpg	or a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucke
images/000026330.jpg	he butterfly just crawled around with withered w
images/000026331.jpg	en. Chinese families tend to socialize together
images/000026332.jpg	 human children to have much time left for anim
images/000026333.jpg	tterfly would come out of the cocoon. He
images/000026334.jpg	n to our fellows. Occasional examples of human
images/000026335.jpg	utterfly comes from an unappealing worm!
images/000026336.jpg	little boy found it very difficult to hammer t
images/000026337.jpg	s bad temper made him fall for angry words. He sc
images/000026338.jpg	et’s go home now before you catch a cold
images/000026339.jpg	ggling very hard for hours to come out thr
images/000026340.jpg	h his people and accompany them. People of dis
images/000026341.jpg	 his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, 
images/000026342.jpg	r had placed the food in the tree trunk while he
images/000026343.jpg	refore, I want to help her in the holidays.Wha
images/000026344.jpg	 found it hilarious and accepted to do w
images/000026345.jpg	s, so they are the dearest parts in one's life.
images/000026346.jpg	rom the South and has never seen snow before,” F
images/000026347.jpg	ironment of living, friends make another impo
images/000026348.jpg	ned the package, he saw there were a lot of fo
images/000026349.jpg	our daily life, whether you admit it or not. 
images/000026350.jpg	ght be food in it, and he became very happ
images/000026351.jpg	ldren. Chinese families tend to socializ
images/000026352.jpg	ting on the same tree. She noticed what they we
images/000026353.jpg	ive with their parents even after they get marrie
images/000026354.jpg	e king was very much surprised by his sugge
images/000026355.jpg	nt me to be happy. I know I should relax my
images/000026356.jpg	e foolish, tricky donkey again set on its wa
images/000026357.jpg	depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former gra
images/000026358.jpg	utterfly might expand the wings, shrink t
images/000026359.jpg	ildren's first teachers, so family does pl
images/000026360.jpg	uld not get out of the hole. Do you know
images/000026361.jpg	 a very prosperous life with abundance of wealth
images/000026362.jpg	versation with their king and they were proud th
images/000026363.jpg	aded his donkey with bags of sponges.The foolish
images/000026364.jpg	not pull out.The boy told his father about the
images/000026365.jpg	hant loaded his donkey with bags of salt to
images/000026366.jpg	 could not give any more try.The man, who had
images/000026367.jpg	et free the firefly and moved to a nearby
images/000026368.jpg	 animal cow to cover the road with leath
images/000026369.jpg	to his bad temper. The boy used to get angry
images/000026370.jpg	uld learn to understand their children and ke
images/000026371.jpg	nd keeps our minds open to better ways o
images/000026372.jpg	summer holiday, I want to practice more to 
images/000026373.jpg	ney through space aided by a galaxyful of f
images/000026374.jpg	ful for them too!He made an order to cover the
images/000026375.jpg	icky donkey again set on its way. On reaching 
images/000026376.jpg	for several days.Last I will help my moth
images/000026377.jpg	our daily life, whether you admit it or 
images/000026378.jpg	are the connections between children and 
images/000026379.jpg	hardship. Don't be intimidated even though yo
images/000026380.jpg	aking English better than you. Participate in
images/000026381.jpg	ll and withered wings.The man was happy that he
images/000026382.jpg	 of salt. As they reached the slippery riverban
images/000026383.jpg	s with them open, at the same time they 
images/000026384.jpg	ties to succeed in English learning. It requires
images/000026385.jpg	owth. One is family, and the other is friends.Af
images/000026386.jpg	he nails every day as he had controlled his 
images/000026387.jpg	cold and silent night. The weather was freezin
images/000026388.jpg	y found it very difficult to hammer the 
images/000026389.jpg	o celebrate holidays and entertain friends. The h
images/000026390.jpg	onkey were walking along together. They had no
images/000026391.jpg	ow up in happy families tend to have many pleasa
images/000026392.jpg	don’t want to undergo any struggle, we won’t be
images/000026393.jpg	added, shaking his head.“You see. Santa Clau
images/000026394.jpg	with an idea.One day, his father gave him a 
images/000026395.jpg	orget about the whole idea. Let’s go home now b
images/000026396.jpg	at the same time they must keep in mind tha
images/000026397.jpg	nd chronically depressed robot; and Veet Voojag
images/000026398.jpg	our spoken English will be. Nothing in the w
images/000026399.jpg	is mother and father consoled him in many ways
images/000026400.jpg	 make way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is
images/000026401.jpg	e, whether you admit it or not. When it comes t
images/000026402.jpg	boy found it hilarious and accepted to do what h
images/000026403.jpg	time around butterflies. He knew how a butte
images/000026404.jpg	for a pair of leather shoes for him and request
images/000026405.jpg	Son at the Right Time". The soldier extended a 
images/000026406.jpg	 edge of the forest and searched there for food
images/000026407.jpg	 young generation is keen on are disgusting to 
images/000026408.jpg	g together. They had not walked far when th
images/000026409.jpg	 the world, the gap between them will be narrowed
images/000026410.jpg	ith leather? Rather, you can just have a 
images/000026411.jpg	s, they are so happy to see me do well in the
images/000026412.jpg	 sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly m
images/000026413.jpg	her the wings expanded or enlarged nor the swolle
images/000026414.jpg	graduate student obsessed with the disapp
images/000026415.jpg	 the donkey fell into the river and wasted 
images/000026416.jpg	her? Rather, you can just have a piece of leath
images/000026417.jpg	hose roads as it would be painful for them too
images/000026418.jpg	he spoke in anger, his friends and neighbour
images/000026419.jpg	d with his little niece Emily and introduced her.
images/000026420.jpg	 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number clim
images/000026421.jpg	the wound will remain there forever. Your bad tem
images/000026422.jpg	beautiful and had a swollen body with small and w
images/000026423.jpg	d due to his bad temper. The boy used to get
images/000026424.jpg	n the civilized world humanism plays an impo
images/000026425.jpg	to understand the world as it is, so they 
images/000026426.jpg	ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch president
images/000026427.jpg	ther and mother. He was the only son for the
images/000026428.jpg	spect and tolerance, many things may turn out 
images/000026429.jpg	 reduced and the day arrived when no nail was 
images/000026430.jpg	the river and noticed that the bags of salt lo
images/000026431.jpg	ched there for food. Suddenly he caught sight 
images/000026432.jpg	ate in all oral activities. The more you spe
images/000026433.jpg	enerations. Those who grow up in happy famil
images/000026434.jpg	amilies tend to socialize together, with seve
images/000026435.jpg	s no progress. It seemed that the butterfly tri
images/000026436.jpg	rest. He was going to eat it for his lunc
images/000026437.jpg	 some water from a nearby spring. Howeve
images/000026438.jpg	e proud that their king was so kind with a go
images/000026439.jpg	him to hammer in the fence for 30 times on the f
images/000026440.jpg	ils but still see the holes in the fence. Again
images/000026441.jpg	 through the struggles the butterfly would have
images/000026442.jpg	hristmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked
images/000026443.jpg	e time. But I have put so much pressure on mys
images/000026444.jpg	eating, he felt thirsty and decided to leave th
images/000026445.jpg	ick up at a cocktail party once upon a tim
images/000026446.jpg	t 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number climb
images/000026447.jpg	aw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant 
images/000026448.jpg	er's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the las
images/000026449.jpg	cocktail party once upon a time zone; Marvin,
images/000026450.jpg	alaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMilla
images/000026451.jpg	tempts for several hours, there was no progress.
images/000026452.jpg	rapid progressing of the society, computers a
images/000026453.jpg	at he spoke in anger, his friends and neig
images/000026454.jpg	nism can be as important as actual medical 
images/000026455.jpg	 body convert into wings. Thus, the body 
images/000026456.jpg	icient quantity of leather and it would cost 
images/000026457.jpg	o joined in his effort.A sparrow came flying 
images/000026458.jpg	Once upon a time, there was a hungry fox that 
images/000026459.jpg	lived with his father and mother. He was
images/000026460.jpg	w hard he tried, he could not get out of the hol
images/000026461.jpg	g the butterfly struggling to break the s
images/000026462.jpg	rfly. The butterfly had been struggling very 
images/000026463.jpg	ere doing. The sparrow laughed. She said
images/000026464.jpg	 almost every field of our life. Meanwhi
images/000026465.jpg	ve my skills.Second I will go to my grandma's h
images/000026466.jpg	n happy families tend to have many pleasan
images/000026467.jpg	strate humanism. The spirit of humanism is a
images/000026468.jpg	e spirit of humanism is apparent in the story 
images/000026469.jpg	e continued to watch the butterfly and he was
images/000026470.jpg	glish textbooks or jonrnals and attend English 
images/000026471.jpg	d, the gap between them will be narrowed d
images/000026472.jpg	 children's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young p
images/000026473.jpg	 be responsible for solving the problem. 
images/000026474.jpg	oliday, I want to practice more to improve my s
images/000026475.jpg	re might be food in it, and he became very h
images/000026476.jpg	th them open, at the same time they must
images/000026477.jpg	n life.What has led to this phenomenon? As far
images/000026478.jpg	ifferent generations. Those who grow up in happ
images/000026479.jpg	an stab a man with a knife, but the wound wil
images/000026480.jpg	her and mother. He was the only son for them
images/000026481.jpg	hristmas SurpriseIt was two days before Christm
images/000026482.jpg	happy all the time. But I have put so much 
images/000026483.jpg	living, friends make another important par
images/000026484.jpg	be happy. I know I should relax myself and 
images/000026485.jpg	have put so much pressure on myself. One day
images/000026486.jpg	or something to eat. He was very hungry.
images/000026487.jpg	 and he was quite eager to watch the butterf
images/000026488.jpg	. These different ideas disturb both of t
images/000026489.jpg	 how a butterfly would struggle to transf
images/000026490.jpg	t opinions on the reasons why generation ga
images/000026491.jpg	ters are playing a more and more important rol
images/000026492.jpg	n was happy that he made the butterfly come ou
images/000026493.jpg	py. He jumped into the hole and when he 
images/000026494.jpg	The father appreciated him and asked him poin
images/000026495.jpg	 to help the butterfly. He got a pair of sc
images/000026496.jpg	t I will help my mother do some housework. She
images/000026497.jpg	for animals.”“Do you think he will come if I
images/000026498.jpg	rder as it would destroy the life of thousands
images/000026499.jpg	the human children to have much time left f
images/000026500.jpg	may turn out for the better. Humanism mak
images/000026501.jpg	 to cover the road with leather? Rather, 
images/000026502.jpg	), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to
images/000026503.jpg	 English-speakers, attend seminars, write letter
images/000026504.jpg	 have some ideal qualities to succeed in Engli
images/000026505.jpg	e struggles the butterfly would have emerged like
images/000026506.jpg	chant loaded his donkey with bags of salt to
images/000026507.jpg	efect, a researcher for the revised edition of Th
images/000026508.jpg	tacting with friends one can get into the socie
images/000026509.jpg	ry time he became angry and to lose his temper
images/000026510.jpg	o is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shive
images/000026511.jpg	ple of distant places were so happy to have a 
images/000026512.jpg	estroy the life of thousands of cows to get t
images/000026513.jpg	rials, which can also help accumulate and enlarg
images/000026514.jpg	Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, who
images/000026515.jpg	dier extended a helping hand to the old man in
images/000026516.jpg	olidays and entertain friends. The house
images/000026517.jpg	ys did not listen to the sparrow. They cont
images/000026518.jpg	d to the old man in time of need. The young ma
images/000026519.jpg	mind us of the meaning of humanism. If we 
images/000026520.jpg	hings that young generation is keen on are 
images/000026521.jpg	odern LifeThe computer is a wonderful mach
images/000026522.jpg	of a butterfly that was never able to live a 
images/000026523.jpg	ality for successful English learning is per
images/000026524.jpg	 life-threatening emergency, humanism can be as i
images/000026525.jpg	icipate in all oral activities. The more you 
images/000026526.jpg	no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not
images/000026527.jpg	 how hard he tried, he could not get out of the 
images/000026528.jpg	dical treatment.In the civilized world humanism
images/000026529.jpg	 of English reading comprehension, one sh
images/000026530.jpg	ccepted to do what his father said.The nail
images/000026531.jpg	a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod B
images/000026532.jpg	und butterflies. He knew how a butterfly 
images/000026533.jpg	 his donkey with bags of salt to go to the mark
images/000026534.jpg	e became very happy. He jumped into the 
images/000026535.jpg	time, the butterfly might expand the wings, shr
images/000026536.jpg	now much about Christmas.”Who is Santa Cl
images/000026537.jpg	eep their minds open to each other's out
images/000026538.jpg	two apparent factors which affect a person's gr
images/000026539.jpg	nals and attend English lectures, while so
images/000026540.jpg	 a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based a
images/000026541.jpg	utterfly and he was quite eager to watch
images/000026542.jpg	ng. It meant that the butterfly was trying 
images/000026543.jpg	 the slippery riverbank, now deliberatel
images/000026544.jpg	 for good. Use them to embrace the relatio
images/000026545.jpg	ish learning is perseverance in face of hardship.
images/000026546.jpg	ying soccer.During the summer holiday, I want
images/000026547.jpg	hy do you want to kill the holy animal cow 
images/000026548.jpg	t Voojagig, a former graduate student obsessed
images/000026549.jpg	he exam, they just want me to be happy. 
images/000026550.jpg	 of the things that young generation is keen on 
images/000026551.jpg	adually, the number of nails hammered to
images/000026552.jpg	Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to p
images/000026553.jpg	n. The butterfly emerged without any str
images/000026554.jpg	er how hard he tried, the fox could not find food
images/000026555.jpg	 Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering i
images/000026556.jpg	 to each other's outlooks on the world, th
images/000026557.jpg	ity. Each member of the family contributes to hou
images/000026558.jpg	e people of the kingdom were very happy as t
images/000026559.jpg	rtant role in shaping children's character
images/000026560.jpg	r do some housework. She was really tired when
images/000026561.jpg	eir parents even after they get married. So
images/000026562.jpg	 nails. The fence never look the same! It has s
images/000026563.jpg	ish-speakers, attend seminars, write letters, et
images/000026564.jpg	 both of them. Most of the things that youn
images/000026565.jpg	tant places. He decided to travel by foot to i
images/000026566.jpg	her you admit it or not. When it comes to 
images/000026567.jpg	mmered on the fence was reduced to half. The l
images/000026568.jpg	very happy. He jumped into the hole and when he 
images/000026569.jpg	fox happily began to eat. After the fox h
images/000026570.jpg	uite happy that he visited many pilgrim centres 
images/000026571.jpg	 Most of the things that young generation is
images/000026572.jpg	e time they must keep in mind that different t
images/000026573.jpg	r shoes for him and requested the countrymen to 
images/000026574.jpg	amples that demonstrate humanism. The spirit of
images/000026575.jpg	cal abuse! Use words for good. Use them to emb
images/000026576.jpg	hile some students need to use it to talk to En
images/000026577.jpg	n his friends due to anger. He invited all wor
images/000026578.jpg	work. She was really tired when I was go to s
images/000026579.jpg	ng to them.Both generations should be responsi
images/000026580.jpg	d food. Finally he went to the edge of the fo
images/000026581.jpg	 the butterfly tried its best and could not 
images/000026582.jpg	y struggle!Unfortunately, the butterfly looked 
images/000026583.jpg	d when I was go to school. Except for taking
images/000026584.jpg	day arrived when no nail was hammered! Ye
images/000026585.jpg	ile friends give them strength and courage. Th
images/000026586.jpg	years. I guess he is too busy visiting a
images/000026587.jpg	and father consoled him in many ways to give
images/000026588.jpg	l by foot to interact with his people and accompa
images/000026589.jpg	 humanism can be as important as actual me
images/000026590.jpg	ht Time". The soldier extended a helping hand
images/000026591.jpg	everal hours. He spent almost more than 10 hour
images/000026592.jpg	t of reading materials, which can also help accu
images/000026593.jpg	h worried about the people who used to walk a
images/000026594.jpg	milies offer children warmth, care and s
images/000026595.jpg	hammer in the fence for 30 times on the first 
images/000026596.jpg	e nails but still see the holes in the fence
images/000026597.jpg	ord, families offer children warmth, care and sh
images/000026598.jpg	efore you catch a cold.”Change Yourself and 
images/000026599.jpg	,” Harry added, shaking his head.“You s
images/000026600.jpg	nvironment of living, friends make another import
images/000026601.jpg	cipline to learn English well. In order to impro
images/000026602.jpg	laxy who, for the last fifteen years, has been
images/000026603.jpg	er, while friends give them strength and cour
images/000026604.jpg	cocoon to make larger opening for the butt
images/000026605.jpg	l. There is a drastic increase of the hours that
images/000026606.jpg	ult for one who sets his mind on it.Views 
images/000026607.jpg	st and the fierce market competition, the
images/000026608.jpg	 are the connections between children and the soc
images/000026609.jpg	t taken into account. These different ideas di
images/000026610.jpg	ght be food in it, and he became very happy. He j
images/000026611.jpg	n shaping children's character. As parents, they 
images/000026612.jpg	 finished eating, he felt thirsty and decide
images/000026613.jpg	d with leather? Rather, you can just have a
images/000026614.jpg	opened the package, he saw there were a lot 
images/000026615.jpg	 proud of their harmony and unity. Each mem
images/000026616.jpg	e became very happy. He jumped into the hole
images/000026617.jpg	 to understand their children and keep the lines
images/000026618.jpg	fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few nai
images/000026619.jpg	colded kids, neighbours and even his friends due 
images/000026620.jpg	d talk over their problems with each othe
images/000026621.jpg	y were very depressed due to his bad tem
images/000026622.jpg	 morning, a merchant loaded his donkey with 
images/000026623.jpg	mes up, indicating computers are playing
images/000026624.jpg	of hardship. Don't be intimidated even tho
images/000026625.jpg	by contacting with friends one can get int
images/000026626.jpg	ds. The household is always friendly, welcomin
images/000026627.jpg	hat there might be food in it, and he became v
images/000026628.jpg	e made the butterfly come out of the cocoon witho
images/000026629.jpg	vited all worries for his parents throug
images/000026630.jpg	 they were proud that their king was so kind 
images/000026631.jpg	 sitting on the same tree. She noticed what th
images/000026632.jpg	nt and his donkey were walking along together. T
images/000026633.jpg	families offer children warmth, care and shelter
images/000026634.jpg	 fox that was looking for something to eat
images/000026635.jpg	ers together to celebrate holidays and entertain 
images/000026636.jpg	the better. Humanism makes the world a more be
images/000026637.jpg	ore struggles. He continued to watch the butte
images/000026638.jpg	r vision.How to Be a Successful English
images/000026639.jpg	 communications with them open, at the same 
images/000026640.jpg	amples that demonstrate humanism. The spirit of h
images/000026641.jpg	hile friends give them strength and courage. 
images/000026642.jpg	ey were proud that their king was so kind with a 
images/000026643.jpg	ey with more bags of salt. As they reach
images/000026644.jpg	ice has been marked down over and over ag
images/000026645.jpg	 little boy found it very difficult to ha
images/000026646.jpg	 firefly, not real fire”.The sparrow continue
images/000026647.jpg	he same time they must keep in mind that 
images/000026648.jpg	d and upset. He told himself, “I wish that I had
images/000026649.jpg	fortunately, the butterfly just crawled aro
images/000026650.jpg	he river and wasted all the bags of salt on its b
images/000026651.jpg	of leather shoes for him and requested the 
images/000026652.jpg	and unity. Each member of the family contrib
images/000026653.jpg	ngs may turn out for the better. Humanism makes 
images/000026654.jpg	 The monkeys were sitting on the same tree. She
images/000026655.jpg	e butterfly was trying to make its way to e
images/000026656.jpg	It turned out Emily also didn’t know much about 
images/000026657.jpg	 He was watching the butterfly struggling to b
images/000026658.jpg	d they were hammered on people. You can re
images/000026659.jpg	eaten so much food that he became too bi
images/000026660.jpg	 his father gave him a huge bag of nails. He aske
images/000026661.jpg	y. On reaching the river he again fell into th
images/000026662.jpg	. The hungry fox immediately thought that ther
images/000026663.jpg	tive to accept anything new. Their voices a
images/000026664.jpg	enerations gathering around the television in th
images/000026665.jpg	gry fox immediately thought that there might 
images/000026666.jpg	ainful than physical abuse! Use words for
images/000026667.jpg	e knew how a butterfly would struggle to trans
images/000026668.jpg	 Unfortunately, even after continuous atte
images/000026669.jpg	ay, Arthur Dent is plucked off the planet by hi
images/000026670.jpg	s are not taken into account. These differ
images/000026671.jpg	, people's ideas are not cut from the sam
images/000026672.jpg	hout any struggle!Unfortunately, the butterfly
images/000026673.jpg	de to the Galaxy who, for the last fiftee
images/000026674.jpg	to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it i
images/000026675.jpg	p in happy families tend to have many pleasa
images/000026676.jpg	o be happy all the time. But I have put so
images/000026677.jpg	ink some water from a nearby spring. However, no
images/000026678.jpg	epressed due to his bad temper. The boy used to
images/000026679.jpg	anta Claus is only for human children,” Fri
images/000026680.jpg	 forest and searched there for food. Sudd
images/000026681.jpg	open to better ways of seeing things. Co
images/000026682.jpg	hink all of you should take shelter in a cav
images/000026683.jpg	ecause I miss her very much.I want to stay 
images/000026684.jpg	 time, commitment and discipline to learn E
images/000026685.jpg	o nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not
images/000026686.jpg	n's first teachers, so family does play 
images/000026687.jpg	 became very happy. He jumped into the hole and w
images/000026688.jpg	can also help accumulate and enlarge your vocab
images/000026689.jpg	act with his people and accompany them. People
images/000026690.jpg	ts MostCountless factors may influence a 
images/000026691.jpg	e summer holiday, I want to practice more t
images/000026692.jpg	mper. The little boy found it hilarious and
images/000026693.jpg	s been marked down over and over again so
images/000026694.jpg	 that people might feel comfortable, immediately
images/000026695.jpg	hhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the 
images/000026696.jpg	ds give them strength and courage. They bo
images/000026697.jpg	lthough the man did it with good intention, on
images/000026698.jpg	 sad and upset. He told himself, “I wish that
images/000026699.jpg	p his anger and develop kindness. Unfort
images/000026700.jpg	to accept anything new. Their voices are not t
images/000026701.jpg	that the butterfly tried its best and co
images/000026702.jpg	o do. For exampie,first I will jion a soccer clu
images/000026703.jpg	 important role in the maintenance of our society
images/000026704.jpg	 would have emerged like any other beautif
images/000026705.jpg	e different opinions on the reasons why g
images/000026706.jpg	the betterment and happiness of the peop
images/000026707.jpg	monkeys became very tired. Now they realize
images/000026708.jpg	ing. Unfortunately, even after continuous attempt
images/000026709.jpg	tment and discipline to learn English well. In
images/000026710.jpg	Change Yourself and not The WorldLong ag
images/000026711.jpg	boy did not lose his temper. He told his fathe
images/000026712.jpg	nism is a system of beliefs that focuses o
images/000026713.jpg	 was born, the first surroundings is the family i
images/000026714.jpg	on. He loved butterflies and had a craze for it
images/000026715.jpg	he members in a Chinese family are respe
images/000026716.jpg	her idea.The king asked - what was his alternat
images/000026717.jpg	 and they need it for different purposes. Some
images/000026718.jpg	ell me that they don’t care how I do well i
images/000026719.jpg	e the ability of English reading comprehension, o
images/000026720.jpg	e it to talk to English-speakers, attend semina
images/000026721.jpg	d see his fellow people leading a propitious lif
images/000026722.jpg	urprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t be
images/000026723.jpg	distant places. He decided to travel by f
images/000026724.jpg	society, so by contacting with friends one can
images/000026725.jpg	d hammered a nail. In the next few days, the nu
images/000026726.jpg	 the kingdom were very happy as they had a
images/000026727.jpg	might be food in it, and he became very 
images/000026728.jpg	ed a nail. In the next few days, the numb
images/000026729.jpg	ck again.The merchant quickly discovere
images/000026730.jpg	do many things that I want to do. For exampie,
images/000026731.jpg	 he forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends 
images/000026732.jpg	irefly.After some time the monkeys became very 
images/000026733.jpg	and courage. They both help children to unders
images/000026734.jpg	siting all the human children to have much time
images/000026735.jpg	cerely and frankly.Who Influences Young A
images/000026736.jpg	. The parents of the little boy were ver
images/000026737.jpg	nt quantity of leather and it would cost a
images/000026738.jpg	 field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the de
images/000026739.jpg	at he did not hammer any nail and he did not 
images/000026740.jpg	ch food that he became too big to fit throu
images/000026741.jpg	utterfly had been struggling very hard for hour
images/000026742.jpg	verbal usage. While he forgot what he sp
images/000026743.jpg	u can just have a piece of leather cut in appr
images/000026744.jpg	e, I want to help her in the holidays.What
images/000026745.jpg	 his temper, he ran to the fence and hammered 
images/000026746.jpg	ces of historical importance and pilgrim centr
images/000026747.jpg	t and the fierce market competition, the price ha
images/000026748.jpg	keys were sitting on the same tree. She noticed
images/000026749.jpg	w much about our winters.”It turned out Em
images/000026750.jpg	o embrace the relationships. Use them to s
images/000026751.jpg	he nails from the fence. However, there re
images/000026752.jpg	 benefits to us. It makes us do things m
images/000026753.jpg	red wings and huge body. It was never able to f
images/000026754.jpg	unappealing worm! Here is the story of a butterf
images/000026755.jpg	few nails. The fence never look the same! It 
images/000026756.jpg	tterfly come out of the cocoon without any m
images/000026757.jpg	sed to walk along those roads as it would be 
images/000026758.jpg	 hole was a package. The hungry fox immediate
images/000026759.jpg	 out a few nails. The fence never look the same! 
images/000026760.jpg	her told him to remove the nails every day 
images/000026761.jpg	tionships. Use them to show your heart!”
images/000026762.jpg	s and attend English lectures, while some
images/000026763.jpg	 anger. He invited all worries for his p
images/000026764.jpg	n English learning. It requires much time, commit
images/000026765.jpg	stmas SurpriseIt was two days before Christmas
images/000026766.jpg	that it was several days that he did not
images/000026767.jpg	nd food. Finally he went to the edge of the 
images/000026768.jpg	nt to do. For exampie,first I will jion a
images/000026769.jpg	sy visiting all the human children to have much 
images/000026770.jpg	 children to have much time left for animals.
images/000026771.jpg	prove the ability of English reading comprehen
images/000026772.jpg	es and could see his fellow people leading a pr
images/000026773.jpg	actions were the example of humanistic behavior. 
images/000026774.jpg	tudents need English and they need it for diffe
images/000026775.jpg	 were very stony. He could not tolerate 
images/000026776.jpg	ition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who
images/000026777.jpg	rice has been marked down over and over aga
images/000026778.jpg	tter how hard he tried, he could not get 
images/000026779.jpg	 we say that families offer the environmen
images/000026780.jpg	ople leading a propitious life. However, he had 
images/000026781.jpg	 practice more to improve my skills.Second I w
images/000026782.jpg	. The hungry fox immediately thought that
images/000026783.jpg	 body convert into wings. Thus, the body wo
images/000026784.jpg	l hours. He spent almost more than 10 hours w
images/000026785.jpg	r. The little boy found it hilarious and a
images/000026786.jpg	 eating, he felt thirsty and decided to leave t
images/000026787.jpg	” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about the whole
images/000026788.jpg	 the fence. However, there remained a few na
images/000026789.jpg	d with the disappearance of all the ballpo
images/000026790.jpg	e put so much pressure on myself. One day, my par
images/000026791.jpg	ry with leather so that people might feel com
images/000026792.jpg	e and when he opened the package, he saw there 
images/000026793.jpg	hildren. Chinese families tend to socializ
images/000026794.jpg	and searched there for food. Suddenly he cau
images/000026795.jpg	n unappealing worm! Here is the story of a b
images/000026796.jpg	hildren,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about
images/000026797.jpg	l to visit places of historical importance and 
images/000026798.jpg	, so they are the dearest parts in one's li
images/000026799.jpg	y with bags of salt to go to the market in or
images/000026800.jpg	 myself. One day, my parents tell me that th
images/000026801.jpg	ening.The Importance of HumanismHumanism 
images/000026802.jpg	t for different purposes. Some students need it
images/000026803.jpg	hough the man did it with good intention, onl
images/000026804.jpg	e nail to the fence every time he became angry
images/000026805.jpg	 sides keep their minds open to each other's 
images/000026806.jpg	warmth, care and shelter, while friends give
images/000026807.jpg	 people might feel comfortable, immediat
images/000026808.jpg	English well. In order to improve the abi
images/000026809.jpg	 being. Some think that maybe the old generati
images/000026810.jpg	ed with his father and mother. He was the
images/000026811.jpg	rnals and attend English lectures, while s
images/000026812.jpg	e went to the edge of the forest and sear
images/000026813.jpg	inuous effort from the butterfly to come out 
images/000026814.jpg	 know much about our winters.”It turned ou
images/000026815.jpg	ea. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to ki
images/000026816.jpg	s quite eager to watch the butterfly fly with its
images/000026817.jpg	l in the exam, I will show my paper to my parents
images/000026818.jpg	t essential quality for successful Engli
images/000026819.jpg	eliefs that focuses on common human needs and se
images/000026820.jpg	nest. The monkeys were sitting on the sam
images/000026821.jpg	ss he is too busy visiting all the human
images/000026822.jpg	er some time the monkeys became very tire
images/000026823.jpg	d, the fox could not find food. Finally he wen
images/000026824.jpg	with respect and tolerance, many things may tu
images/000026825.jpg	servative to accept anything new. Their voice
images/000026826.jpg	ally, the boy’s father came up with an id
images/000026827.jpg	ontrolled his anger. Several days passed an
images/000026828.jpg	tem of beliefs that focuses on common human ne
images/000026829.jpg	ten to the sparrow. They continued to blow at 
images/000026830.jpg	isit places of historical importance and pilgri
images/000026831.jpg	ked the cocoon to make larger opening for the but
images/000026832.jpg	ere are many examples that demonstrate human
images/000026833.jpg	ore, I want to help her in the holidays.What 
images/000026834.jpg	s nest. The monkeys were sitting on the 
images/000026835.jpg	 the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had e
images/000026836.jpg	y as they had a very prosperous life with
images/000026837.jpg	d do, except return home where he loaded hi
images/000026838.jpg	not cut from the same cloth. Parents may 
images/000026839.jpg	 distant places. He decided to travel by f
images/000026840.jpg	ther cultures and keeps our minds open to b
images/000026841.jpg	or his parents through the verbal usage. While he
images/000026842.jpg	 out a few nails. The fence never look t
images/000026843.jpg	the same.  The father appreciated him and ask
images/000026844.jpg	 attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s father came 
images/000026845.jpg	est and searched there for food. Suddenly he cau
images/000026846.jpg	inued to watch the butterfly and he was qu
images/000026847.jpg	the king and said that he had another idea.The
images/000026848.jpg	ents need English and they need it for diff
images/000026849.jpg	ures and keeps our minds open to better ways 
images/000026850.jpg	nge this for the betterment and happiness of t
images/000026851.jpg	and courage. They both help children to unders
images/000026852.jpg	nto account. These different ideas disturb bot
images/000026853.jpg	was reduced to half. The little boy found it very
images/000026854.jpg	l out.The boy told his father about the s
images/000026855.jpg	 two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and tot
images/000026856.jpg	ays that he did not hammer any nail and he did
images/000026857.jpg	The butterfly had been struggling very hard for h
images/000026858.jpg	mer in the fence for 30 times on the first d
images/000026859.jpg	 friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the r
images/000026860.jpg	e donkey’s trick. He then returned home again 
images/000026861.jpg	ferent opinions on the reasons why genera
images/000026862.jpg	holiday is coming.I am going to do many things th
images/000026863.jpg	the number of nails hammered on the fence 
images/000026864.jpg	u admit it or not. When it comes to the 
images/000026865.jpg	helter in a cave”. The monkeys did not liste
images/000026866.jpg	conservative to accept anything new. Their voice
images/000026867.jpg	d the minister. He ordered for a pair of l
images/000026868.jpg	e of our society. Humanism calls for us to
images/000026869.jpg	ity. Friends are the connections between ch
images/000026870.jpg	econds before Earth is demolished to make way for
images/000026871.jpg	unappealing worm! Here is the story of a b
images/000026872.jpg	butterflies! The continuous effort from the
images/000026873.jpg	owever, no matter how hard he tried, he could n
images/000026874.jpg	a hungry fox that was looking for something to
images/000026875.jpg	 fierce market competition, the price has be
images/000026876.jpg	progress. It seemed that the butterfly trie
images/000026877.jpg	and they need it for different purposes. S
images/000026878.jpg	. Don't feel embarrassed when making some embar
images/000026879.jpg	o my grandma's house,because I miss her ver
images/000026880.jpg	decided to help the butterfly. He got a pa
images/000026881.jpg	portant role in shaping children's characte
images/000026882.jpg	sors and tweaked the cocoon to make larger o
images/000026883.jpg	ersonal computers.The computer has brought a lot
images/000026884.jpg	asked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you 
images/000026885.jpg	days and entertain friends. The household
images/000026886.jpg	 way. On reaching the river he again fell int
images/000026887.jpg	m too!He made an order to cover the road of th
images/000026888.jpg	deas are not cut from the same cloth. Paren
images/000026889.jpg	 load becoming lighter, it became heavier.
images/000026890.jpg	n a cave”. The monkeys did not listen to the spar
images/000026891.jpg	dren and the society, so by contacting with f
images/000026892.jpg	dge of the forest and searched there for foo
images/000026893.jpg	e fluid stored in the body convert into 
images/000026894.jpg	ould let the fluid stored in the body conver
images/000026895.jpg	ows to get the sufficient quantity of leather and
images/000026896.jpg	amily contributes to household duties, includ
images/000026897.jpg	ntolerable pain in his feet as it was his first 
images/000026898.jpg	 a Chinese family are respectively more than 
images/000026899.jpg	. He put it under a dry leaf and started bl
images/000026900.jpg	uld support the body.  Unfortunately, neith
images/000026901.jpg	oticed a flock of fireflies. One of the young 
images/000026902.jpg	uld destroy the life of thousands of cows
images/000026903.jpg	the butterfly was trying to make its way to e
images/000026904.jpg	 the butterfly struggling to break the shell for
images/000026905.jpg	 tiny opening. It meant that the butterf
images/000026906.jpg	holidays.What will you do on Summer Holid
images/000026907.jpg	r. The boy used to get angry very soon and 
images/000026908.jpg	rment and happiness of the people.His ministe
images/000026909.jpg	orest for many years. I guess he is too busy vi
images/000026910.jpg	 fox that was looking for something to eat. He
images/000026911.jpg	remained a few nails that the boy could no
images/000026912.jpg	world. He decided to sit over and watch h
images/000026913.jpg	. I want to be happy all the time. But I have 
images/000026914.jpg	 keep the lines of communications with them open,
images/000026915.jpg	haracter. As parents, they should learn to
images/000026916.jpg	to understand their children and keep the l
images/000026917.jpg	and father consoled him in many ways to giv
images/000026918.jpg	ts way. On reaching the river he again fell into
images/000026919.jpg	 in the holidays.What will you do on Summe
images/000026920.jpg	in set on its way. On reaching the river he again
images/000026921.jpg	plied in almost every field of our life. Meanwhi
images/000026922.jpg	lk along those roads as it would be painful 
images/000026923.jpg	uman children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget a
images/000026924.jpg	 to learn English well. In order to improve the a
images/000026925.jpg	ime he lost his temper, he ran to the fence and h
images/000026926.jpg	rough space aided by a galaxyful of fellow travel
images/000026927.jpg	ily. In China, children live with their paren
images/000026928.jpg	r appreciated him and asked him pointing to th
images/000026929.jpg	s speaking English better than you. Parti
images/000026930.jpg	hinese families are proud of their harmo
images/000026931.jpg	ey again set on its way. On reaching the
images/000026932.jpg	 reading comprehension, one should get access
images/000026933.jpg	of humanistic behavior. In the event of 
images/000026934.jpg	rmony and unity. Each member of the family co
images/000026935.jpg	ldren live with their parents even after th
images/000026936.jpg	butterfly tried its best and could not give an
images/000026937.jpg	formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfr
images/000026938.jpg	ay, my parents tell me that they don’t care
images/000026939.jpg	ions on the reasons why generation gap comes
images/000026940.jpg	mmunications with them open, at the same t
images/000026941.jpg	 were like that! Words are more painful tha
images/000026942.jpg	key’s trick. He then returned home again but re
images/000026943.jpg	p his anger and develop kindness. Unfortunatel
images/000026944.jpg	ked the cocoon to make larger opening for t
images/000026945.jpg	 loaded his donkey with bags of salt to go 
images/000026946.jpg	e for its wonderful combination of colours. I
images/000026947.jpg	nt factors which affect a person's growth. O
images/000026948.jpg	rful butterfly comes from an unappealing w
images/000026949.jpg	 know, it involves several reasons. With 
images/000026950.jpg	old himself, “I wish that I had thought a
images/000026951.jpg	rents even after they get married. So a 
images/000026952.jpg	m. The parents of the little boy were ver
images/000026953.jpg	cer club,because I like playing soccer.D
images/000026954.jpg	 home where he loaded his donkey with mor
images/000026955.jpg	illan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tr
images/000026956.jpg	tunately, even after continuous attempts for sev
images/000026957.jpg	lost his temper, he ran to the fence and
images/000026958.jpg	n myself. One day, my parents tell me tha
images/000026959.jpg	. Humanism makes the world a more beautiful place
images/000026960.jpg	d thought a little before jumping into the h
images/000026961.jpg	If we treat our fellows with respect and
images/000026962.jpg	sponsible for solving the problem. As long a
images/000026963.jpg	is anger and develop kindness. Unfortunatel
images/000026964.jpg	 on the first day! Every time he lost his temper,
images/000026965.jpg	s bad temper made him fall for angry words. He s
images/000026966.jpg	body convert into wings. Thus, the body would 
images/000026967.jpg	you find others speaking English better than yo
images/000026968.jpg	r. They had not walked far when they reache
images/000026969.jpg	 be intimidated even though you find others spe
images/000026970.jpg	ony and unity. Each member of the family contr
images/000026971.jpg	e fox happily began to eat. After the fox had fin
images/000026972.jpg	ren live with their parents even after they get
images/000026973.jpg	dren's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young peopl
images/000026974.jpg	d as it is, so they are the dearest parts
images/000026975.jpg	o change this for the betterment and hap
images/000026976.jpg	old generation is too conservative to accept an
images/000026977.jpg	ry field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to
images/000026978.jpg	f ear to the elders' experience-based ad
images/000026979.jpg	those roads as it would be painful for t
images/000026980.jpg	important role in modern life.What has led to th
images/000026981.jpg	 been marked down over and over again so 
images/000026982.jpg	member of the family contributes to househo
images/000026983.jpg	ance, many things may turn out for the bette
images/000026984.jpg	ing to its branches. One of the monkeys s
images/000026985.jpg	nglish lectures, while some students need to
images/000026986.jpg	umanism can be as important as actual medical
images/000026987.jpg	give them strength and courage. They both help 
images/000026988.jpg	d. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree w
images/000026989.jpg	y contributes to household duties, including
images/000026990.jpg	r as I know, it involves several reasons. With
images/000026991.jpg	th good intention, only going through the strugg
images/000026992.jpg	ears. I guess he is too busy visiting all 
images/000026993.jpg	oesn’t know much about our winters.”It turned
images/000026994.jpg	out a few nails. The fence never look the 
images/000026995.jpg	ay to enjoy its world. He decided to sit over an
images/000026996.jpg	 just have a piece of leather cut in appropriate
images/000026997.jpg	tice more to improve my skills.Second I w
images/000026998.jpg	dea.The king asked - what was his alternat
images/000026999.jpg	ors which affect a person's growth. One is 
images/000027000.jpg	 as it would destroy the life of thousand
images/000027001.jpg	hildren at Christmas time.”“Does he also bring 
images/000027002.jpg	: “I think all of you should take shelter
images/000027003.jpg	nt could do, except return home where he loaded
images/000027004.jpg	ance of all the ballpoint pens he's bought 
images/000027005.jpg	controlled his anger. Several days passed
images/000027006.jpg	y struggle, we won’t be able to fly!Chri
images/000027007.jpg	thes. Young people either turn a deaf ear 
images/000027008.jpg	berately, the donkey fell into the river and wast
images/000027009.jpg	fortable and were very stony. He could no
images/000027010.jpg	im to remove the nails every day as he had
images/000027011.jpg	tree trunk while he cut down trees in the for
images/000027012.jpg	 was the only son for them. The parents of t
images/000027013.jpg	d him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you see the
images/000027014.jpg	roy the life of thousands of cows to get t
images/000027015.jpg	hile he forgot what he spoke in anger, h
images/000027016.jpg	 most essential quality for successful E
images/000027017.jpg	After one was born, the first surroundin
images/000027018.jpg	 system of beliefs that focuses on common 
images/000027019.jpg	a journey through space aided by a galaxyful
images/000027020.jpg	nt to kill the holy animal cow to cover the ro
images/000027021.jpg	Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost a
images/000027022.jpg	through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even
images/000027023.jpg	ontinued: “I think all of you should take
images/000027024.jpg	 walked all the way through the rough path
images/000027025.jpg	ut in appropriate shape to cover your feet?’
images/000027026.jpg	hant and his donkey were walking along together. 
images/000027027.jpg	o we die? For all the answers, stick your th
images/000027028.jpg	progressing of the society, computers are now w
images/000027029.jpg	Last I will help my mother do some house
images/000027030.jpg	for the better. Humanism makes the world a
images/000027031.jpg	appy all the time. But I have put so much pres
images/000027032.jpg	ystem of beliefs that focuses on common huma
images/000027033.jpg	ile friends give them strength and courage. They 
images/000027034.jpg	an was happy that he made the butterfly come out 
images/000027035.jpg	ing as an out-of-work actor.Together, this dyn
images/000027036.jpg	laus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in
images/000027037.jpg	e now widely applied in almost every field 
images/000027038.jpg	e lighter and smaller and the wings would b
images/000027039.jpg	nce in face of hardship. Don't be intimida
images/000027040.jpg	ars all over! You can stab a man with a knif
images/000027041.jpg	s, while some students need to use it to talk
images/000027042.jpg	p accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don'
images/000027043.jpg	hould take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did n
images/000027044.jpg	practice more to improve my skills.Second I
images/000027045.jpg	n a journey through space aided by a galaxyful of
images/000027046.jpg	thers with his words. His bad temper made 
images/000027047.jpg	for good. Use them to embrace the relationships
images/000027048.jpg	ther and it would cost a huge amount of money
images/000027049.jpg	p children to understand the world as it is, 
images/000027050.jpg	n't be intimidated even though you find others 
images/000027051.jpg	, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy building 
images/000027052.jpg	spirit of humanism is apparent in the story of "
images/000027053.jpg	n the story of "The Right Son at the Righ
images/000027054.jpg	 accepted to do what his father said.The 
images/000027055.jpg	s very hungry. No matter how hard he tried, the
images/000027056.jpg	y. Don't feel embarrassed when making so
images/000027057.jpg	e to the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen years,
images/000027058.jpg	h affect a person's growth. One is family, a
images/000027059.jpg	s donkey were walking along together. They 
images/000027060.jpg	eract with his people and accompany them. Peop
images/000027061.jpg	 is a wonderful machine. Today it is used a gr
images/000027062.jpg	he example of humanistic behavior. In the ev
images/000027063.jpg	clothes. Young people either turn a deaf ear to t
images/000027064.jpg	d entertain friends. The household is always frie
images/000027065.jpg	 The little boy found it hilarious and accepted 
images/000027066.jpg	 and father consoled him in many ways to giv
images/000027067.jpg	ions between children and the society, so by 
images/000027068.jpg	icating computers are playing a more and 
images/000027069.jpg	importance and pilgrim centres at distant plac
images/000027070.jpg	chant could do, except return home where he
images/000027071.jpg	y. On reaching the river he again fell into th
images/000027072.jpg	 person's growth. One is family, and the
images/000027073.jpg	eir attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s fathe
images/000027074.jpg	tion, the price has been marked down over an
images/000027075.jpg	 members in a Chinese family are respective
images/000027076.jpg	a conversation with their king and they were pr
images/000027077.jpg	Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not real fir
images/000027078.jpg	a cocktail party once upon a time zone; Marvin
images/000027079.jpg	ed it for different purposes. Some stude
images/000027080.jpg	 civilized world humanism plays an important role
images/000027081.jpg	r and over again so that many people can af
images/000027082.jpg	 of a life-threatening emergency, humanism can
images/000027083.jpg	or his parents through the verbal usage. Whi
images/000027084.jpg	ll see the holes in the fence. Again, you cannot 
images/000027085.jpg	ly tried its best and could not give any more t
images/000027086.jpg	rs in a Chinese family are respectively more t
images/000027087.jpg	favor of their children's hairstyle and weir
images/000027088.jpg	omes into being. Some think that maybe the old ge
images/000027089.jpg	fortunes.The king decided to go on a travel 
images/000027090.jpg	l abuse! Use words for good. Use them to embrace 
images/000027091.jpg	s disturb both of them. Most of the things 
images/000027092.jpg	ent purposes. Some students need it to read En
images/000027093.jpg	ll jion a soccer club,because I like playin
images/000027094.jpg	th sides should talk over their problems wit
images/000027095.jpg	 seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t k
images/000027096.jpg	work. She was really tired when I was go to 
images/000027097.jpg	ived under the rule of a king. The peopl
images/000027098.jpg	of the family contributes to household duties
images/000027099.jpg	ch pressure on myself. One day, my parents t
images/000027100.jpg	e proud of their harmony and unity. Each membe
images/000027101.jpg	. They both help children to understand th
images/000027102.jpg	e had controlled his anger. Several days 
images/000027103.jpg	ad eaten so much food that he became too 
images/000027104.jpg	like playing soccer.During the summer hol
images/000027105.jpg	children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget abo
images/000027106.jpg	ed a nail. In the next few days, the number
images/000027107.jpg	South and has never seen snow before,” F
images/000027108.jpg	turned out Emily also didn’t know much about Ch
images/000027109.jpg	ested the countrymen to wear shoes. FoolsIt 
images/000027110.jpg	So forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home now
images/000027111.jpg	 combination of colours. In fact, he used to s
images/000027112.jpg	anistic behavior. In the event of a life-th
images/000027113.jpg	r, with several generations gathering around 
images/000027114.jpg	e was quite eager to watch the butterfly fl
images/000027115.jpg	rds. His bad temper made him fall for angry
images/000027116.jpg	her more, it gives us insights into other 
images/000027117.jpg	e is too busy visiting all the human chi
images/000027118.jpg	d become lighter and smaller and the wings wo
images/000027119.jpg	urther more, it gives us insights into other cul
images/000027120.jpg	on with their king and they were proud that thei
images/000027121.jpg	 has been marked down over and over again so tha
images/000027122.jpg	le boy were very depressed due to his bad 
images/000027123.jpg	inisters were stunned to hear his order 
images/000027124.jpg	d talk over their problems with each other 
images/000027125.jpg	 temper, he ran to the fence and hammered a
images/000027126.jpg	children's hairstyle and weird clothes. Y
images/000027127.jpg	mother and father consoled him in many ways to gi
images/000027128.jpg	in the world is difficult for one who sets his m
images/000027129.jpg	understand the world as it is, so they are the d
images/000027130.jpg	is alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Wh
images/000027131.jpg	 through its life.Although the man did it wi
images/000027132.jpg	n a soccer club,because I like playing socc
images/000027133.jpg	 to each other's outlooks on the world, the gap 
images/000027134.jpg	was several days that he did not hammer any nai
images/000027135.jpg	an 10 hours with the cocoon and the butterfl
images/000027136.jpg	ore than in other countries' family. In Chin
images/000027137.jpg	ber of nails hammered on the fence was r
images/000027138.jpg	s, the body would become lighter and sma
images/000027139.jpg	 matter how hard he tried, he could not 
images/000027140.jpg	ap comes into being. Some think that maybe t
images/000027141.jpg	d see his fellow people leading a propit
images/000027142.jpg	r the road with leather? Rather, you can ju
images/000027143.jpg	oy found it hilarious and accepted to do what his
images/000027144.jpg	y happy as they had a very prosperous life w
images/000027145.jpg	l the answers, stick your thumb to the st
images/000027146.jpg	ere doing. The sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey s
images/000027147.jpg	with his words. His bad temper made him fall f
images/000027148.jpg	ant role in the maintenance of our society. Hu
images/000027149.jpg	mple of humanistic behavior. In the even
images/000027150.jpg	rds are more painful than physical abuse
images/000027151.jpg	iends are the connections between children and th
images/000027152.jpg	 tree. They were clinging to its branches. O
images/000027153.jpg	 in time. Both sides should talk over the
images/000027154.jpg	fierce market competition, the price has been ma
images/000027155.jpg	ral generations gathering around the television i
images/000027156.jpg	him fall for angry words. He scolded kid
images/000027157.jpg	hed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a f
images/000027158.jpg	sked his son to hammer one nail to the fen
images/000027159.jpg	d not hammer any nail and he did not lose his tem
images/000027160.jpg	 from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. T
images/000027161.jpg	ad intolerable pain in his feet as it wa
images/000027162.jpg	hile friends give them strength and courage
images/000027163.jpg	tudents need it to read English textbooks or jonr
images/000027164.jpg	d the fierce market competition, the pri
images/000027165.jpg	young generation is keen on are disgusting to 
images/000027166.jpg	y parents tell me that they don’t care how I
images/000027167.jpg	 old man in time of need. The young man's a
images/000027168.jpg	comfortable and were very stony. He could not
images/000027169.jpg	ry difficult to hammer the nails and decid
images/000027170.jpg	 and the butterfly. The butterfly had been stru
images/000027171.jpg	great deal. There is a drastic increase 
images/000027172.jpg	n years, has been posing as an out-of-work acto
images/000027173.jpg	aked the cocoon to make larger opening for t
images/000027174.jpg	 worries for his parents through the verb
images/000027175.jpg	ialize together, with several generations gathe
images/000027176.jpg	he fence never look the same! It has scars all
images/000027177.jpg	er consoled him in many ways to give up his 
images/000027178.jpg	vilized world humanism plays an important ro
images/000027179.jpg	Some other monkeys also joined in his effort
images/000027180.jpg	s, shrink the body and the wings could support
images/000027181.jpg	hildren at Christmas time.”“Does he also bring 
images/000027182.jpg	y, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy building 
images/000027183.jpg	ly. Further more, it gives us insights int
images/000027184.jpg	An old woodcutter had placed the food in the t
images/000027185.jpg	ou can stab a man with a knife, but the wo
images/000027186.jpg	good intention, only going through the strugg
images/000027187.jpg	continued to blow at our poor firefly.After
images/000027188.jpg	you admit it or not. When it comes to the problem
images/000027189.jpg	 that the roads weren’t comfortable and were ver
images/000027190.jpg	f the kingdom were very happy as they had a 
images/000027191.jpg	r the wings expanded or enlarged nor the swo
images/000027192.jpg	ggles. He continued to watch the butterfly an
images/000027193.jpg	nd has never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “S
images/000027194.jpg	ny. He could not tolerate the pain as he walk
images/000027195.jpg	do you want to kill the holy animal cow to 
images/000027196.jpg	oad of the whole country with leather so that peo
images/000027197.jpg	ristmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked 
images/000027198.jpg	cocoon. He was watching the butterfly strugg
images/000027199.jpg	s cocoon would let the fluid stored in the
images/000027200.jpg	mer the nails and decided to control his te
images/000027201.jpg	 of all the ballpoint pens he's bought over th
images/000027202.jpg	rk. She was really tired when I was go to scho
images/000027203.jpg	don’t want to undergo any struggle, we won’t b
images/000027204.jpg	ts wonderful combination of colours. In fac
images/000027205.jpg	usands of cows to get the sufficient quan
images/000027206.jpg	pily lived under the rule of a king. The 
images/000027207.jpg	he same tree. She noticed what they were doi
images/000027208.jpg	them open, at the same time they must kee
images/000027209.jpg	e little boy found it hilarious and accepted to
images/000027210.jpg	rawled around with withered wings and hu
images/000027211.jpg	Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around thi
images/000027212.jpg	n a deaf ear to the elders' experience-bas
images/000027213.jpg	ts his mind on it.Views on Generation Ga
images/000027214.jpg	re are these pens? Why are we born? Why do 
images/000027215.jpg	uld struggle to transform from an ugly cat
images/000027216.jpg	on, the price has been marked down over and ov
images/000027217.jpg	eir children and keep the lines of communications
images/000027218.jpg	 could not pull out.The boy told his father
images/000027219.jpg	utterfly would have emerged like any othe
images/000027220.jpg	butterfly and removed the remaining cocoon. T
images/000027221.jpg	happy to have a conversation with their k
images/000027222.jpg	nderful machine. Today it is used a great dea
images/000027223.jpg	 lose his temper!Now, his father told him to rem
images/000027224.jpg	aus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the cold 
images/000027225.jpg	 also help accumulate and enlarge your vocab
images/000027226.jpg	 after they get married. So a household con
images/000027227.jpg	as reduced and the day arrived when no nail was
images/000027228.jpg	ng to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on t
images/000027229.jpg	nd had a swollen body with small and withered w
images/000027230.jpg	bout 19 hours. The number climbs more than ten t
images/000027231.jpg	ne was born, the first surroundings is the 
images/000027232.jpg	peaking English better than you. Participate i
images/000027233.jpg	r the rule of a king. The people of the kingdom 
images/000027234.jpg	ent obsessed with the disappearance of all the ba
images/000027235.jpg	rged like any other beautiful butterflies! T
images/000027236.jpg	ildren live with their parents even after they g
images/000027237.jpg	rtunately, even after continuous attempts for
images/000027238.jpg	w much about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, W
images/000027239.jpg	 but the wound will remain there forever. Yo
images/000027240.jpg	would let the fluid stored in the body convert
images/000027241.jpg	see his fellow people leading a propitious l
images/000027242.jpg	f their children's hairstyle and weird c
images/000027243.jpg	tively more than in other countries' family. 
images/000027244.jpg	athering around the television in the eveni
images/000027245.jpg	table. The family gathers together to celebrate h
images/000027246.jpg	eople either turn a deaf ear to the elders' exp
images/000027247.jpg	n live with their parents even after they ge
images/000027248.jpg	 are we born? Why do we die? For all the answer
images/000027249.jpg	One day, his father gave him a huge bag of
images/000027250.jpg	s became very tired. Now they realized what t
images/000027251.jpg	the problem of generation gap, people's ideas 
images/000027252.jpg	get the sufficient quantity of leather and i
images/000027253.jpg	 young generation is keen on are disgusting to t
images/000027254.jpg	d totally out-to-lunch president of the g
images/000027255.jpg	ing into the hole.”Computers and Modern Life
images/000027256.jpg	after continuous attempts for several hours
images/000027257.jpg	had a very prosperous life with abundance of 
images/000027258.jpg	uman goodness can remind us of the meaning o
images/000027259.jpg	 themselves against what the elders have been p
images/000027260.jpg	do?” she asked me, shivering in the cold air.
images/000027261.jpg	ct, a researcher for the revised edition of 
images/000027262.jpg	 are children's first teachers, so family 
images/000027263.jpg	id it with good intention, only going through th
images/000027264.jpg	ded the minister. He ordered for a pair of lea
images/000027265.jpg	the butterfly to come out of its cocoon wo
images/000027266.jpg	 on the first day! Every time he lost hi
images/000027267.jpg	visiting all the human children to have much t
images/000027268.jpg	t taken into account. These different idea
images/000027269.jpg	ey also.A wise man from the ministry came to
images/000027270.jpg	her for several days.Last I will help my mot
images/000027271.jpg	tmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy bui
images/000027272.jpg	upset. He told himself, “I wish that I ha
images/000027273.jpg	em. People of distant places were so happy to h
images/000027274.jpg	ng. The people of the kingdom were very happy 
images/000027275.jpg	 hammered a nail. In the next few days, the n
images/000027276.jpg	The computer has brought a lot of benefits to 
images/000027277.jpg	ll go to my grandma's house,because I mis
images/000027278.jpg	bags of salt. As they reached the slippery r
images/000027279.jpg	do, except return home where he loaded his donkey
images/000027280.jpg	arket competition, the price has been marked 
images/000027281.jpg	ntinuous effort from the butterfly to come 
images/000027282.jpg	ly, the number of nails hammered to the fen
images/000027283.jpg	x happily began to eat. After the fox had fi
images/000027284.jpg	s keep their minds open to each other's 
images/000027285.jpg	uter has brought a lot of benefits to us. It mak
images/000027286.jpg	well in the exam. I want to be happy all the tim
images/000027287.jpg	 the summer holiday, I want to practice more to i
images/000027288.jpg	t was two days before Christmas. Harry, Cor
images/000027289.jpg	r its wonderful combination of colours. In fa
images/000027290.jpg	s - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spr
images/000027291.jpg	e edge of the forest and searched there for 
images/000027292.jpg	 days that he did not hammer any nail and he
images/000027293.jpg	iety and become sociable.In a word, fami
images/000027294.jpg	and were very stony. He could not tolera
images/000027295.jpg	usy visiting all the human children to have
images/000027296.jpg	 He asked his son to hammer one nail to t
images/000027297.jpg	 In order to improve the ability of English re
images/000027298.jpg	here was no progress. It seemed that the
images/000027299.jpg	ery difficult to hammer the nails and decided to
images/000027300.jpg	trength and courage. They both help children 
images/000027301.jpg	 failed. Finally, the boy’s father came up with
images/000027302.jpg	ant that the butterfly was trying to make its 
images/000027303.jpg	he butterfly fly with its beautiful wings
images/000027304.jpg	h he will grow up. Parents are children'
images/000027305.jpg	emove the nails every day as he had controll
images/000027306.jpg	w continued: “I think all of you should take she
images/000027307.jpg	ople of the kingdom were very happy as they 
images/000027308.jpg	struggle to transform from an ugly caterpillar in
images/000027309.jpg	re not taken into account. These differe
images/000027310.jpg	 behavior. In the event of a life-threateni
images/000027311.jpg	arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet, 
images/000027312.jpg	as trying to make its way to enjoy its wor
images/000027313.jpg	nderful machine. Today it is used a great de
images/000027314.jpg	butterflies! The continuous effort from the
images/000027315.jpg	 tried to pick up at a cocktail party once upon a
images/000027316.jpg	 asked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you se
images/000027317.jpg	 to succeed in English learning. It requi
images/000027318.jpg	n English learning. It requires much tim
images/000027319.jpg	 returned home again but re-loaded his donke
images/000027320.jpg	 in the evening.The Importance of HumanismHuman
images/000027321.jpg	 You can remove the nails but still see th
images/000027322.jpg	y, neither the wings expanded or enlarged nor 
images/000027323.jpg	ry happy. He jumped into the hole and wh
images/000027324.jpg	 told us. “She doesn’t know much about ou
images/000027325.jpg	ne to learn English well. In order to impr
images/000027326.jpg	children to understand the world as it is
images/000027327.jpg	open to better ways of seeing things. Computers 
images/000027328.jpg	children's character. As parents, they shou
images/000027329.jpg	ou speak, the better your spoken English will
images/000027330.jpg	ery hungry. No matter how hard he tried, the 
images/000027331.jpg	y, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy building a
images/000027332.jpg	ntres and could see his fellow people leading 
images/000027333.jpg	 make another important part in shaping childre
images/000027334.jpg	elp my mother do some housework. She was really
images/000027335.jpg	the problem of generation gap, people's i
images/000027336.jpg	ould be responsible for solving the prob
images/000027337.jpg	efits to us. It makes us do things more qui
images/000027338.jpg	stant places. He decided to travel by foo
images/000027339.jpg	he package, he saw there were a lot of food, bre
images/000027340.jpg	andma's house,because I miss her very much.I w
images/000027341.jpg	used a great deal. There is a drastic increas
images/000027342.jpg	re, I want to help her in the holidays.Wha
images/000027343.jpg	dents need it to read English textbooks or 
images/000027344.jpg	ea. Let’s go home now before you catch a co
images/000027345.jpg	here are these pens? Why are we born? Why
images/000027346.jpg	henomenon? As far as I know, it involves several
images/000027347.jpg	ernative idea. The minister told, ‘Why d
images/000027348.jpg	 the life of thousands of cows to get the suff
images/000027349.jpg	ell into the river and wasted all the bags of
images/000027350.jpg	“I don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never
images/000027351.jpg	rtunately, even after continuous attempts for 
images/000027352.jpg	he merchant could do, except return home wh
images/000027353.jpg	eople spend on computers per week, rangi
images/000027354.jpg	ct, he used to spend a lot of time around but
images/000027355.jpg	gling to break the shell for several hours. He sp
images/000027356.jpg	 from a nearby spring. However, no matter how 
images/000027357.jpg	ith leather so that people might feel comfor
images/000027358.jpg	r and watch how the butterfly would come out 
images/000027359.jpg	ds make another important part in shaping chi
images/000027360.jpg	ou cannot pull out a few nails. The fence never
images/000027361.jpg	o eat. After the fox had finished eating, he fel
images/000027362.jpg	Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed
images/000027363.jpg	ir of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make 
images/000027364.jpg	s gathering around the television in the ev
images/000027365.jpg	bsessed with the disappearance of all th
images/000027366.jpg	hould learn to understand their children a
images/000027367.jpg	hur tried to pick up at a cocktail party once upo
images/000027368.jpg	ings presents and toys to human children at
images/000027369.jpg	at Christmas time.”“Does he also bring present
images/000027370.jpg	ty. Humanism calls for us to pay closer attenti
images/000027371.jpg	d due to his bad temper. The boy used to get a
images/000027372.jpg	 continuous attempts for several hours, there wa
images/000027373.jpg	s to us. It makes us do things more quick
images/000027374.jpg	en struggling very hard for hours to come out th
images/000027375.jpg	ience-based advice or set themselves agai
images/000027376.jpg	h the struggles the butterfly would have e
images/000027377.jpg	e families tend to socialize together, with sev
images/000027378.jpg	 tiny opening. It meant that the butterfly wa
images/000027379.jpg	eir attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s father
images/000027380.jpg	 to help the butterfly. He got a pair of sci
images/000027381.jpg	eaking English better than you. Participate
images/000027382.jpg	t a little before jumping into the hole.”
images/000027383.jpg	arged nor the swollen body reduced.Unfortuna
images/000027384.jpg	t.He had intolerable pain in his feet as it wa
images/000027385.jpg	 coming.I am going to do many things tha
images/000027386.jpg	hing the river he again fell into the water
images/000027387.jpg	ions with them open, at the same time they mu
images/000027388.jpg	 salt to go to the market in order to sell
images/000027389.jpg	longer distance. He complained to his ministers
images/000027390.jpg	ad temper. The boy used to get angry very
images/000027391.jpg	nkeys became very tired. Now they realized what t
images/000027392.jpg	ions. Those who grow up in happy families te
images/000027393.jpg	ly looked no longer beautiful and had a swo
images/000027394.jpg	is feet as it was his first trip by foot to longe
images/000027395.jpg	and develop kindness. Unfortunately, all their at
images/000027396.jpg	 was very sad and upset. He told himself
images/000027397.jpg	 him to hammer in the fence for 30 times o
images/000027398.jpg	ne; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chro
images/000027399.jpg	s - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “
images/000027400.jpg	he wings expanded or enlarged nor the swolle
images/000027401.jpg	urn out for the better. Humanism makes the w
images/000027402.jpg	families tend to have many pleasant characters. 
images/000027403.jpg	. Each member of the family contributes to house
images/000027404.jpg	ce for 30 times on the first day! Every time he 
images/000027405.jpg	the fence every time he became angry and to
images/000027406.jpg	p comes into being. Some think that maybe t
images/000027407.jpg	e man did it with good intention, only goi
images/000027408.jpg	 hours. The number climbs more than ten time
images/000027409.jpg	 appeared with his little niece Emily and intro
images/000027410.jpg	h path.He said he was very much worried abo
images/000027411.jpg	like a butterfly!One day, a man saw a coco
images/000027412.jpg	hings may turn out for the better. Humanism mak
images/000027413.jpg	a merchant loaded his donkey with bags o
images/000027414.jpg	body and the wings could support the body. 
images/000027415.jpg	lp children to understand the world as it is, so 
images/000027416.jpg	s expanded or enlarged nor the swollen body r
images/000027417.jpg	mes up, indicating computers are playing a
images/000027418.jpg	istant places were so happy to have a conversatio
images/000027419.jpg	th the disappearance of all the ballpoint p
images/000027420.jpg	 a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that the
images/000027421.jpg	andma's house,because I miss her very much.I w
images/000027422.jpg	so help accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary.
images/000027423.jpg	o matter how hard he tried, the fox coul
images/000027424.jpg	y much.I want to stay with her for severa
images/000027425.jpg	 his ministers that the roads weren’t co
images/000027426.jpg	dren and keep the lines of communications w
images/000027427.jpg	s per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours to 
images/000027428.jpg	of them. Most of the things that young gener
images/000027429.jpg	 temper. The little boy found it hilarious and
images/000027430.jpg	ul and had a swollen body with small and with
images/000027431.jpg	 of communications with them open, at the s
images/000027432.jpg	r important part in shaping children's personali
images/000027433.jpg	y as he had controlled his anger. Several days 
images/000027434.jpg	 wonderful combination of colours. In fact
images/000027435.jpg	nts and toys to human children at Christmas tim
images/000027436.jpg	Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically de
images/000027437.jpg	 days, the number of nails hammered on the fe
images/000027438.jpg	iend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revis
images/000027439.jpg	wing at it.Some other monkeys also joined 
images/000027440.jpg	s, the body would become lighter and smaller an
images/000027441.jpg	limbs more than ten times up, indicating compu
images/000027442.jpg	nglish learning. It requires much time, commitme
images/000027443.jpg	he king decided to go on a travel to visit pla
images/000027444.jpg	 to visitors who can drop in on friends and rel
images/000027445.jpg	need it for different purposes. Some stu
images/000027446.jpg	onger beautiful and had a swollen body with smal
images/000027447.jpg	o half. The little boy found it very difficult 
images/000027448.jpg	 and accompany them. People of distant plac
images/000027449.jpg	 story of a butterfly that was never able 
images/000027450.jpg	re these pens? Why are we born? Why do we
images/000027451.jpg	oticed a flock of fireflies. One of the young 
images/000027452.jpg	rld humanism plays an important role in the main
images/000027453.jpg	he doesn’t know much about our winters.”It turne
images/000027454.jpg	hemselves against what the elders have been proud
images/000027455.jpg	d there for food. Suddenly he caught sight 
images/000027456.jpg	 keep the lines of communications with the
images/000027457.jpg	it over and watch how the butterfly would com
images/000027458.jpg	ttle boy were very depressed due to his b
images/000027459.jpg	 to my grandma's house,because I miss he
images/000027460.jpg	 me, she also has to work. Therefore, I want
images/000027461.jpg	ld struggle to transform from an ugly caterp
images/000027462.jpg	t married. So a household consisting of thr
images/000027463.jpg	to help the butterfly. He got a pair of scisso
images/000027464.jpg	After some time the monkeys became very tired.
images/000027465.jpg	paper to my parents, they are so happy to se
images/000027466.jpg	omething to eat. He was very hungry. No mat
images/000027467.jpg	ore, I want to help her in the holidays.W
images/000027468.jpg	ily began to eat. After the fox had finished eat
images/000027469.jpg	ip. Don't be intimidated even though you 
images/000027470.jpg	 personal computers.The computer has br
images/000027471.jpg	, one should get access to a lot of readin
images/000027472.jpg	nately, neither the wings expanded or en
images/000027473.jpg	 our fellows with respect and tolerance, m
images/000027474.jpg	painful than physical abuse! Use words for g
images/000027475.jpg	brate holidays and entertain friends. The ho
images/000027476.jpg	he same time they must keep in mind that di
images/000027477.jpg	he became too big to fit through the hole.The 
images/000027478.jpg	ull out most of the nails from the fence.
images/000027479.jpg	od. Finally he went to the edge of the fo
images/000027480.jpg	very time he became angry and to lose his t
images/000027481.jpg	oral activities. The more you speak, the bette
images/000027482.jpg	 shaking his head.“You see. Santa Claus is o
images/000027483.jpg	utterfly was trying to make its way to en
images/000027484.jpg	ling to break the shell for several hours. He s
images/000027485.jpg	s are playing a more and more important role i
images/000027486.jpg	an with a knife, but the wound will remain there 
images/000027487.jpg	her consoled him in many ways to give up his ange
images/000027488.jpg	en and the society, so by contacting with friends
images/000027489.jpg	own trees in the forest. He was going to eat it
images/000027490.jpg	s our minds open to better ways of seeing t
images/000027491.jpg	its branches. One of the monkeys said, “I wis
images/000027492.jpg	 in the story of "The Right Son at the Right Tim
images/000027493.jpg	xperience-based advice or set themselves again
images/000027494.jpg	e opened the package, he saw there were a lot
images/000027495.jpg	ctors may influence a person's growth. Ther
images/000027496.jpg	 anger. Several days passed and the boy was
images/000027497.jpg	. These different ideas disturb both of th
images/000027498.jpg	 loaded his donkey with bags of salt to go to the
images/000027499.jpg	ing to its branches. One of the monkeys sa
images/000027500.jpg	her important part in shaping children's persona
images/000027501.jpg	soccer.During the summer holiday, I want 
images/000027502.jpg	 may turn out for the better. Humanism makes 
images/000027503.jpg	rtunately, all their attempts failed. Fi
images/000027504.jpg	id, brilliant, and chronically depressed robot; 
images/000027505.jpg	 their attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s fath
images/000027506.jpg	was born, the first surroundings is the fam
images/000027507.jpg	ality for successful English learning is 
images/000027508.jpg	 could find some fire. It will help us to keep w
images/000027509.jpg	 and colourful butterfly comes from an un
images/000027510.jpg	aintenance of our society. Humanism calls for 
images/000027511.jpg	h can also help accumulate and enlarge y
images/000027512.jpg	, Arthur Dent is plucked off the planet by 
images/000027513.jpg	sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly mon
images/000027514.jpg	n a small village, a little boy lived with
images/000027515.jpg	oing through the struggles the butterfly woul
images/000027516.jpg	er, with several generations gathering aro
images/000027517.jpg	materials, which can also help accumulate an
images/000027518.jpg	e fence was reduced to half. The little bo
images/000027519.jpg	rance in face of hardship. Don't be intimidate
images/000027520.jpg	ampie,first I will jion a soccer club,because I 
images/000027521.jpg	 miss her very much.I want to stay with h
images/000027522.jpg	emind us of the meaning of humanism. If 
images/000027523.jpg	d in the tree trunk while he cut down trees in 
images/000027524.jpg	cked off the planet by his friend Ford Pre
images/000027525.jpg	ep their minds open to each other's outloo
images/000027526.jpg	 my parents, they are so happy to see me 
images/000027527.jpg	 nails from the fence. However, there remained a
images/000027528.jpg	y do you want to kill the holy animal cow
images/000027529.jpg	nd over again so that many people can afford
images/000027530.jpg	table and were very stony. He could not 
images/000027531.jpg	umanism plays an important role in the m
images/000027532.jpg	”.Suddenly they noticed a flock of fire
images/000027533.jpg	he cocoon. He was watching the butterfly 
images/000027534.jpg	s - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautifu
images/000027535.jpg	rate the pain as he walked all the way through t
images/000027536.jpg	rly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend
images/000027537.jpg	veral days.Last I will help my mother do 
images/000027538.jpg	be happy. I know I should relax myself and be 
images/000027539.jpg	st teachers, so family does play an import
images/000027540.jpg	d with his little niece Emily and introduced he
images/000027541.jpg	with them open, at the same time they must keep i
images/000027542.jpg	gles the butterfly would have emerged like 
images/000027543.jpg	nd tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening 
images/000027544.jpg	sting of three generations is common.Chinese f
images/000027545.jpg	laxy who, for the last fifteen years, has 
images/000027546.jpg	the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few nai
images/000027547.jpg	ons were the example of humanistic behavior. In 
images/000027548.jpg	re like that! Words are more painful than physi
images/000027549.jpg	aided by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: 
images/000027550.jpg	ours to about 19 hours. The number climb
images/000027551.jpg	 poor firefly.After some time the monkeys 
images/000027552.jpg	here remained a few nails that the boy could n
images/000027553.jpg	me out through the tiny opening. Unfortunately
images/000027554.jpg	used a great deal. There is a drastic increa
images/000027555.jpg	 girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at
images/000027556.jpg	ly discovered the donkey’s trick. He then retu
images/000027557.jpg	 he used to spend a lot of time around bu
images/000027558.jpg	ions on the reasons why generation gap comes 
images/000027559.jpg	rs to come out through the tiny opening. Unfortu
images/000027560.jpg	d, ‘a hole in the fence!’He told the boy, “Th
images/000027561.jpg	me angry and to lose his temper. The little boy
images/000027562.jpg	 Influences Young Adults MostCountless factors 
images/000027563.jpg	ng man's actions were the example of human
images/000027564.jpg	l butterfly comes from an unappealing worm! He
images/000027565.jpg	s several days that he did not hammer any 
images/000027566.jpg	hich affect a person's growth. One is family, an
images/000027567.jpg	nsion, one should get access to a lot of readin
images/000027568.jpg	nto the river and wasted all the bags of salt 
images/000027569.jpg	rfly might expand the wings, shrink the body 
images/000027570.jpg	 talk over their problems with each other act
images/000027571.jpg	flying to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on
images/000027572.jpg	failed. Finally, the boy’s father came up with
images/000027573.jpg	used to get angry very soon and taunt others w
images/000027574.jpg	ithout any more struggles. He continued to 
images/000027575.jpg	iced what they were doing. The sparrow laug
images/000027576.jpg	ts are children's first teachers, so family does 
images/000027577.jpg	ached the slippery riverbank, now deliberate
images/000027578.jpg	al hours. He spent almost more than 10 ho
images/000027579.jpg	arth is demolished to make way for a gal
images/000027580.jpg	fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-
images/000027581.jpg	holes in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out
images/000027582.jpg	 see the holes in the fence. Again, you cannot
images/000027583.jpg	posing as an out-of-work actor.Together, th
images/000027584.jpg	students need to use it to talk to English-
images/000027585.jpg	d, “I wish we could find some fire. It will help
images/000027586.jpg	amily. In China, children live with their pare
images/000027587.jpg	ppily began to eat. After the fox had fin
images/000027588.jpg	 focuses on common human needs and seeks
images/000027589.jpg	e might feel comfortable, immediately.The
images/000027590.jpg	y leaf and started blowing at it.Some other
images/000027591.jpg	educed and the day arrived when no nail was hamme
images/000027592.jpg	ter. He ordered for a pair of leather shoes for
images/000027593.jpg	ining cocoon. The butterfly emerged with
images/000027594.jpg	is people and accompany them. People of dista
images/000027595.jpg	ls for us to pay closer attention to our fellows.
images/000027596.jpg	al abuse! Use words for good. Use them to 
images/000027597.jpg	ch about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Wald
images/000027598.jpg	omputers and Modern LifeThe computer is a wonde
images/000027599.jpg	 forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home now
images/000027600.jpg	tterfly might expand the wings, shrink the
images/000027601.jpg	hension, one should get access to a lot of readi
images/000027602.jpg	d of their harmony and unity. Each member of the 
images/000027603.jpg	 again set on its way. On reaching the river he
images/000027604.jpg	terials, which can also help accumulate and enla
images/000027605.jpg	rents, they should learn to understand th
images/000027606.jpg	umanism is a system of beliefs that focuses
images/000027607.jpg	d his anger. Several days passed and the bo
images/000027608.jpg	 his friends due to anger. He invited all
images/000027609.jpg	 have I,” Harry added, shaking his head.“You 
images/000027610.jpg	t pull out a few nails. The fence never l
images/000027611.jpg	nce a person's growth. There are two app
images/000027612.jpg	 decline of cost and the fierce market comp
images/000027613.jpg	 Galaxy who, for the last fifteen years, has been
images/000027614.jpg	 own personal computers.The computer has brou
images/000027615.jpg	ven though you find others speaking English
images/000027616.jpg	ke its way to enjoy its world. He decided
images/000027617.jpg	ay arrived when no nail was hammered! Ye
images/000027618.jpg	e remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged wi
images/000027619.jpg	e made the butterfly come out of the cocoon w
images/000027620.jpg	hen Fritz appeared with his little niece Emily
images/000027621.jpg	ho got Caught in the Tree TrunkOnce upon
images/000027622.jpg	ral reasons. With the rapid progressing of the so
images/000027623.jpg	ore, I want to help her in the holidays.
images/000027624.jpg	 come out of its cocoon would let the fluid
images/000027625.jpg	 person's growth. One is family, and the ot
images/000027626.jpg	ple of the kingdom were very happy as the
images/000027627.jpg	nt is plucked off the planet by his friend Ford P
images/000027628.jpg	ot tolerate the pain as he walked all the way t
images/000027629.jpg	emper and they were hammered on people. 
images/000027630.jpg	e same tree. She noticed what they were doin
images/000027631.jpg	I think all of you should take shelter in a cave
images/000027632.jpg	lan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried t
images/000027633.jpg	t gives us insights into other cultures 
images/000027634.jpg	ou should take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys di
images/000027635.jpg	etter your spoken English will be. Nothing in
images/000027636.jpg	rked down over and over again so that many peo
images/000027637.jpg	so help accumulate and enlarge your vocabul
images/000027638.jpg	o that many people can afford their own perso
images/000027639.jpg	d I will go to my grandma's house,because I miss
images/000027640.jpg	a huge bag of nails. He asked his son to hamme
images/000027641.jpg	peared with his little niece Emily and introduce
images/000027642.jpg	he first surroundings is the family in whi
images/000027643.jpg	sell them. The merchant and his donkey were
images/000027644.jpg	ntrolled his anger. Several days passed an
images/000027645.jpg	 in happy families tend to have many pleasant 
images/000027646.jpg	Parents are children's first teachers, so fami
images/000027647.jpg	 and has never seen snow before,” Fritz told us.
images/000027648.jpg	d silent night. The weather was freezing. A
images/000027649.jpg	ol his temper.Gradually, the number of nails ha
images/000027650.jpg	olded kids, neighbours and even his friends d
images/000027651.jpg	ld his father that it was several days that 
images/000027652.jpg	ngs is the family in which he will grow up
images/000027653.jpg	w up. Parents are children's first teachers, so 
images/000027654.jpg	ne to learn English well. In order to improve
images/000027655.jpg	, and generous to visitors who can drop in 
images/000027656.jpg	 nails. The fence never look the same! It has s
images/000027657.jpg	struggles the butterfly would have emerged lik
images/000027658.jpg	th several generations gathering around th
images/000027659.jpg	t and searched there for food. Suddenly he cau
images/000027660.jpg	ts cocoon would let the fluid stored in the bod
images/000027661.jpg	edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the
images/000027662.jpg	lly, the boy’s father came up with an idea.One 
images/000027663.jpg	ens? Why are we born? Why do we die? For all
images/000027664.jpg	ht it was fire.He caught a firefly. He put it
images/000027665.jpg	umanism. The spirit of humanism is apparent in 
images/000027666.jpg	ged like any other beautiful butterflies! The c
images/000027667.jpg	o leave the trunk and drink some water from
images/000027668.jpg	t of living, friends make another importan
images/000027669.jpg	e your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed 
images/000027670.jpg	attend English lectures, while some student
images/000027671.jpg	 now widely applied in almost every field
images/000027672.jpg	e saw there were a lot of food, bread, meat 
images/000027673.jpg	nt part in shaping children's personality. Fr
images/000027674.jpg	ver, no matter how hard he tried, he coul
images/000027675.jpg	to account. These different ideas distur
images/000027676.jpg	ud that their king was so kind with a goo
images/000027677.jpg	e so happy to see me do well in the exam. I 
images/000027678.jpg	e bags of salt. As they reached the slip
images/000027679.jpg	ish, tricky donkey again set on its way. On reach
images/000027680.jpg	 stony. He could not tolerate the pain as
images/000027681.jpg	 been marked down over and over again so 
images/000027682.jpg	ed it for different purposes. Some stude
images/000027683.jpg	 a great deal. There is a drastic increase of th
images/000027684.jpg	o household duties, including the children. Chin
images/000027685.jpg	to the edge of the forest and searched there fo
images/000027686.jpg	o Be a Successful English LearnerAlmost all t
images/000027687.jpg	ampie,first I will jion a soccer club,because
images/000027688.jpg	 finished eating, he felt thirsty and deci
images/000027689.jpg	s. In fact, he used to spend a lot of time ar
images/000027690.jpg	nd with withered wings and huge body. It wa
images/000027691.jpg	ldren live with their parents even after the
images/000027692.jpg	 a little boy lived with his father and mother
images/000027693.jpg	utterfly!One day, a man saw a cocoon. He loved b
images/000027694.jpg	d seeks rational ways of solving human probl
images/000027695.jpg	ad placed the food in the tree trunk whil
images/000027696.jpg	iately thought that there might be food i
images/000027697.jpg	. Unfortunately, even after continuous attempt
images/000027698.jpg	er and mother. He was the only son for th
images/000027699.jpg	ss. Unfortunately, all their attempts fa
images/000027700.jpg	aced the food in the tree trunk while he c
images/000027701.jpg	nks to the decline of cost and the fierce market 
images/000027702.jpg	rnelius, Monty and I were busy building a snow
images/000027703.jpg	e had intolerable pain in his feet as it was h
images/000027704.jpg	 first day! Every time he lost his temper, he ran
images/000027705.jpg	rosperous life with abundance of wealth a
images/000027706.jpg	inally he went to the edge of the forest and s
images/000027707.jpg	the event of a life-threatening emergency, human
images/000027708.jpg	rnelius, Monty and I were busy building a snowma
images/000027709.jpg	 ideas disturb both of them. Most of the 
images/000027710.jpg	a lot of time around butterflies. He knew 
images/000027711.jpg	ll be narrowed down in time. Both sides should 
images/000027712.jpg	develop kindness. Unfortunately, all their attem
images/000027713.jpg	ht Time". The soldier extended a helping
images/000027714.jpg	 scolded kids, neighbours and even his fri
images/000027715.jpg	, “I wish that I had thought a little befo
images/000027716.jpg	for several hours, there was no progress. It seem
images/000027717.jpg	y need it for different purposes. Some stu
images/000027718.jpg	t was two days before Christmas. Harry, 
images/000027719.jpg	 three generations is common.Chinese fami
images/000027720.jpg	 embarrassing mistakes.In short, the most es
images/000027721.jpg	icult to hammer the nails and decided to cont
images/000027722.jpg	portant role in shaping children's charac
images/000027723.jpg	ink all of you should take shelter in a cave”.
images/000027724.jpg	his anger and develop kindness. Unfortunately, a
images/000027725.jpg	 fence and hammered a nail. In the next few days,
images/000027726.jpg	dents need to use it to talk to English-spe
images/000027727.jpg	him in many ways to give up his anger and devel
images/000027728.jpg	ber of nails hammered to the fence was reduce
images/000027729.jpg	over and over again so that many people can a
images/000027730.jpg	ce never look the same! It has scars all over
images/000027731.jpg	 become lighter and smaller and the wings wou
images/000027732.jpg	on? As far as I know, it involves several
images/000027733.jpg	was a package. The hungry fox immediately 
images/000027734.jpg	uld not get out of the hole. Do you know why?
images/000027735.jpg	at the same time they must keep in mind th
images/000027736.jpg	ent obsessed with the disappearance of all
images/000027737.jpg	s a hungry fox that was looking for somet
images/000027738.jpg	ows to get the sufficient quantity of leather and
images/000027739.jpg	n drop in on friends and relatives without previ
images/000027740.jpg	o succeed in English learning. It require
images/000027741.jpg	heir parents even after they get married.
images/000027742.jpg	to the palace. He was quite happy that he vi
images/000027743.jpg	an physical abuse! Use words for good. Use them
images/000027744.jpg	e this for the betterment and happiness of the pe
images/000027745.jpg	 continuous attempts for several hours, there w
images/000027746.jpg	tors which affect a person's growth. One i
images/000027747.jpg	ags of salt to go to the market in order to s
images/000027748.jpg	As they reached the slippery riverbank, no
images/000027749.jpg	should have some ideal qualities to succ
images/000027750.jpg	 will be. Nothing in the world is difficult 
images/000027751.jpg	me they must keep in mind that different thin
images/000027752.jpg	n without any more struggles. He continue
images/000027753.jpg	mputer has brought a lot of benefits to us. It m
images/000027754.jpg	ortant part in shaping children's personality.
images/000027755.jpg	lish learning. It requires much time, com
images/000027756.jpg	rox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie a
images/000027757.jpg	 the boy, “The nails were your bad tempe
images/000027758.jpg	the problem of generation gap, people's ideas ar
images/000027759.jpg	hur tried to pick up at a cocktail party
images/000027760.jpg	nkey again set on its way. On reaching the rive
images/000027761.jpg	se his temper!Now, his father told him t
images/000027762.jpg	ten so much food that he became too big to
images/000027763.jpg	water from a nearby spring. However, no matter
images/000027764.jpg	most all the students need English and they nee
images/000027765.jpg	d not hammer any nail and he did not lose his t
images/000027766.jpg	His ministers were stunned to hear his order as i
images/000027767.jpg	f the monkeys said, “I wish we could find some f
images/000027768.jpg	last fifteen years, has been posing as an out-
images/000027769.jpg	p us to keep warm”.Suddenly they noticed a floc
images/000027770.jpg	is words. His bad temper made him fall fo
images/000027771.jpg	eautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded his do
images/000027772.jpg	 Finally, the boy’s father came up with an 
images/000027773.jpg	ost a huge amount of money also.A wise man
images/000027774.jpg	vative to accept anything new. Their voices are 
images/000027775.jpg	ole.”Computers and Modern LifeThe computer is
images/000027776.jpg	r told him to remove the nails every day as he ha
images/000027777.jpg	ral reasons. With the rapid progressing of the
images/000027778.jpg	much food that he became too big to fit throu
images/000027779.jpg	ly, welcoming, and generous to visitors who can d
images/000027780.jpg	at distant places. He decided to travel by foo
images/000027781.jpg	row came flying to its nest. The monkeys
images/000027782.jpg	 package. The hungry fox immediately thought th
images/000027783.jpg	The continuous effort from the butterfly to co
images/000027784.jpg	t to the edge of the forest and searched there
images/000027785.jpg	 kill the holy animal cow to cover the road w
images/000027786.jpg	s of human goodness can remind us of the me
images/000027787.jpg	old.”Change Yourself and not The WorldLo
images/000027788.jpg	net by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for 
images/000027789.jpg	 the nails and decided to control his te
images/000027790.jpg	y, the number of nails hammered to the fence w
images/000027791.jpg	e". The soldier extended a helping hand to the o
images/000027792.jpg	se families are hospitable. The family gathers to
images/000027793.jpg	es of historical importance and pilgrim centr
images/000027794.jpg	se words for good. Use them to embrace t
images/000027795.jpg	ngs could support the body.  Unfortunate
images/000027796.jpg	er how hard he tried, he could not get out o
images/000027797.jpg	t that at any time, the butterfly might exp
images/000027798.jpg	gathering around the television in the evening
images/000027799.jpg	m centres at distant places. He decided to 
images/000027800.jpg	ng new. Their voices are not taken into account. 
images/000027801.jpg	 to the fence and hammered a nail. In the n
images/000027802.jpg	so family does play an important role in sha
images/000027803.jpg	 flying to its nest. The monkeys were sitti
images/000027804.jpg	ere forever. Your bad temper and anger we
images/000027805.jpg	nkeys that is a firefly, not real fire”.The spa
images/000027806.jpg	fruit in it!An old woodcutter had placed 
images/000027807.jpg	py that he made the butterfly come out of t
images/000027808.jpg	monkeys said, “I wish we could find some f
images/000027809.jpg	alked all the way through the rough path.He
images/000027810.jpg	he fox could not find food. Finally he went to th
images/000027811.jpg	tree trunk while he cut down trees in the for
images/000027812.jpg	oing to do many things that I want to do
images/000027813.jpg	sh textbooks or jonrnals and attend English le
images/000027814.jpg	gry. No matter how hard he tried, the fo
images/000027815.jpg	do on Summer Holiday?When I do well in the exam,
images/000027816.jpg	n him, myself.”“Neither have I,” Harry ad
images/000027817.jpg	oved the remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerge
images/000027818.jpg	ged like any other beautiful butterflies! The
images/000027819.jpg	f reading materials, which can also help
images/000027820.jpg	w why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food 
images/000027821.jpg	o the fence and hammered a nail. In the next few 
images/000027822.jpg	n face of hardship. Don't be intimidated even t
images/000027823.jpg	e things that young generation is keen o
images/000027824.jpg	rest and searched there for food. Suddenly
images/000027825.jpg	eople. You can remove the nails but still see
images/000027826.jpg	make larger opening for the butterfly and remo
images/000027827.jpg	”“Neither have I,” Harry added, shaking his he
images/000027828.jpg	d the day arrived when no nail was hamme
images/000027829.jpg	ree trunk while he cut down trees in the f
images/000027830.jpg	eir parents even after they get married. 
images/000027831.jpg	e jumped into the hole and when he opened the 
images/000027832.jpg	 way. On reaching the river he again fell int
images/000027833.jpg	ed to make way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Den
images/000027834.jpg	 tired when I was go to school. Except for ta
images/000027835.jpg	nships. Use them to show your heart!”A M
images/000027836.jpg	 weren’t comfortable and were very stony. 
images/000027837.jpg	too!He made an order to cover the road o
images/000027838.jpg	that he had another idea.The king asked 
images/000027839.jpg	 The boy used to get angry very soon and taun
images/000027840.jpg	. The butterfly emerged without any struggl
images/000027841.jpg	 that is a firefly, not real fire”.The 
images/000027842.jpg	nd to the old man in time of need. The young m
images/000027843.jpg	y, my parents tell me that they don’t car
images/000027844.jpg	hould be responsible for solving the problem
images/000027845.jpg	l examples of human goodness can remind u
images/000027846.jpg	s been posing as an out-of-work actor.Togethe
images/000027847.jpg	es to household duties, including the children. C
images/000027848.jpg	lked far when they reached a river on the roa
images/000027849.jpg	ler and the wings would be beautiful and la
images/000027850.jpg	 "The Right Son at the Right Time". The 
images/000027851.jpg	 the nails from the fence. However, there r
images/000027852.jpg	Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring 
images/000027853.jpg	 young generation is keen on are disgusting to th
images/000027854.jpg	utterfly and he was quite eager to watch
images/000027855.jpg	ations is common.Chinese families are hospit
images/000027856.jpg	ied, the fox could not find food. Finally he we
images/000027857.jpg	either the wings expanded or enlarged nor th
images/000027858.jpg	.Second I will go to my grandma's house,b
images/000027859.jpg	uch worried about the people who used to walk 
images/000027860.jpg	 playing soccer.During the summer holiday, I 
images/000027861.jpg	parents tell me that they don’t care how I do wel
images/000027862.jpg	 in time of need. The young man's actions
images/000027863.jpg	tiful wings.He thought that at any time,
images/000027864.jpg	rnals and attend English lectures, while 
images/000027865.jpg	racters. If we say that families offer the
images/000027866.jpg	 see his fellow people leading a propitio
images/000027867.jpg	 only son for them. The parents of the little 
images/000027868.jpg	laus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the 
images/000027869.jpg	butterfly that was never able to live a l
images/000027870.jpg	ts cocoon would let the fluid stored in the body
images/000027871.jpg	graduate student obsessed with the disapp
images/000027872.jpg	 lived with his father and mother. He was the 
images/000027873.jpg	w. Their voices are not taken into account.
images/000027874.jpg	sors and tweaked the cocoon to make larger openi
images/000027875.jpg	a beautiful and colourful butterfly comes
images/000027876.jpg	ks or jonrnals and attend English lecture
images/000027877.jpg	ngs that young generation is keen on are disgus
images/000027878.jpg	t competition, the price has been marked down o
images/000027879.jpg	ittle boy lived with his father and mother.
images/000027880.jpg	per. The little boy found it hilarious and accep
images/000027881.jpg	told us. “She doesn’t know much about our win
images/000027882.jpg	es - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he h
images/000027883.jpg	e body convert into wings. Thus, the body wo
images/000027884.jpg	d clothes. Young people either turn a deaf ear 
images/000027885.jpg	 lose his temper!Now, his father told h
images/000027886.jpg	appy that he visited many pilgrim centres an
images/000027887.jpg	terials, which can also help accumulate 
images/000027888.jpg	it very difficult to hammer the nails an
images/000027889.jpg	water from a nearby spring. However, no matte
images/000027890.jpg	ing for something to eat. He was very hungry. N
images/000027891.jpg	nately, all their attempts failed. Finally
images/000027892.jpg	old his father about the same.  The fathe
images/000027893.jpg	t of reading materials, which can also hel
images/000027894.jpg	to our fellows. Occasional examples of h
images/000027895.jpg	. Humanism calls for us to pay closer attention t
images/000027896.jpg	the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan
images/000027897.jpg	ht that there might be food in it, and he became
images/000027898.jpg	hat demonstrate humanism. The spirit of hu
images/000027899.jpg	sy visiting all the human children to have much
images/000027900.jpg	 lines of communications with them open,
images/000027901.jpg	ily contributes to household duties, including 
images/000027902.jpg	s on the world, the gap between them will be nar
images/000027903.jpg	the world a more beautiful place to live in.
images/000027904.jpg	monkeys also joined in his effort.A sparrow c
images/000027905.jpg	 looked no longer beautiful and had a swoll
images/000027906.jpg	hing to eat. He was very hungry. No matter how
images/000027907.jpg	, she also has to work. Therefore, I want to hel
images/000027908.jpg	sell them. The merchant and his donkey were w
images/000027909.jpg	to have a conversation with their king and 
images/000027910.jpg	a propitious life. However, he had regre
images/000027911.jpg	 he ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In
images/000027912.jpg	fficult for one who sets his mind on it.Views
images/000027913.jpg	eks rational ways of solving human probl
images/000027914.jpg	spoke in anger, his friends and neighbours
images/000027915.jpg	ud of their harmony and unity. Each member of
images/000027916.jpg	ronically depressed robot; and Veet Voojagi
images/000027917.jpg	t about the whole idea. Let’s go home no
images/000027918.jpg	m of generation gap, people's ideas are not cut
images/000027919.jpg	comes to the problem of generation gap, people'
images/000027920.jpg	went to the edge of the forest and searched 
images/000027921.jpg	painful for them too!He made an order to cover t
images/000027922.jpg	eautiful wings.He thought that at any time, the
images/000027923.jpg	t there might be food in it, and he became v
images/000027924.jpg	out of the cocoon. He was watching the butterf
images/000027925.jpg	 He decided to sit over and watch how the butterf
images/000027926.jpg	r opening for the butterfly and removed the rema
images/000027927.jpg	 He continued to watch the butterfly and 
images/000027928.jpg	nation of colours. In fact, he used to spe
images/000027929.jpg	 bag of nails. He asked his son to hamme
images/000027930.jpg	istant places. He decided to travel by foot to
images/000027931.jpg	ppy. I know I should relax myself and be 
images/000027932.jpg	 to fly!Christmas SurpriseIt was two days b
images/000027933.jpg	petition, the price has been marked down o
images/000027934.jpg	ty, computers are now widely applied in al
images/000027935.jpg	 friends. The household is always friendly, welco
images/000027936.jpg	petition, the price has been marked down
images/000027937.jpg	njoy its world. He decided to sit over and
images/000027938.jpg	enly they noticed a flock of fireflies. One of 
images/000027939.jpg	en's character. As parents, they should learn
images/000027940.jpg	issors and tweaked the cocoon to make larger ope
images/000027941.jpg	hes. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we could fi
images/000027942.jpg	order to cover the road of the whole country
images/000027943.jpg	 thanks to the decline of cost and the fier
images/000027944.jpg	 fence never look the same! It has scars 
images/000027945.jpg	 order to sell them. The merchant and his don
images/000027946.jpg	nerations gathering around the television in t
images/000027947.jpg	onkeys did not listen to the sparrow. They cont
images/000027948.jpg	table and were very stony. He could not tolerate 
images/000027949.jpg	ge, he saw there were a lot of food, bread
images/000027950.jpg	e in the maintenance of our society. Humanism c
images/000027951.jpg	ct, a researcher for the revised edition of Th
images/000027952.jpg	t he became too big to fit through the hole.Th
images/000027953.jpg	ve much time left for animals.”“Do you think
images/000027954.jpg	ather and it would cost a huge amount of mo
images/000027955.jpg	s, has been posing as an out-of-work actor.T
images/000027956.jpg	be. Nothing in the world is difficult for one w
images/000027957.jpg	f the nails from the fence. However, there rem
images/000027958.jpg	party once upon a time zone; Marvin, a paran
images/000027959.jpg	ntacting with friends one can get into the soc
images/000027960.jpg	ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch president of
images/000027961.jpg	 fellows with respect and tolerance, many thi
images/000027962.jpg	portance and pilgrim centres at distant pl
images/000027963.jpg	ter the fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty 
images/000027964.jpg	 tree. She noticed what they were doing. The spa
images/000027965.jpg	 misfortunes.The king decided to go on 
images/000027966.jpg	s are hospitable. The family gathers together to
images/000027967.jpg	ry. No matter how hard he tried, the fox cou
images/000027968.jpg	s actual medical treatment.In the civilize
images/000027969.jpg	ights into other cultures and keeps our minds
images/000027970.jpg	o things more quickly. Further more, it giv
images/000027971.jpg	sework. She was really tired when I was g
images/000027972.jpg	ver, no matter how hard he tried, he could n
images/000027973.jpg	 stab a man with a knife, but the wound will rema
images/000027974.jpg	t essential quality for successful Englis
images/000027975.jpg	well. In order to improve the ability of E
images/000027976.jpg	uested the countrymen to wear shoes. FoolsIt w
images/000027977.jpg	ey again set on its way. On reaching the rive
images/000027978.jpg	f scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make
images/000027979.jpg	e people of the kingdom were very happy a
images/000027980.jpg	nd watch how the butterfly would come out
images/000027981.jpg	over again so that many people can afford thei
images/000027982.jpg	hips. Use them to show your heart!”A Me
images/000027983.jpg	members in a Chinese family are respective
images/000027984.jpg	ething to eat. He was very hungry. No matter ho
images/000027985.jpg	ered the donkey’s trick. He then returned home 
images/000027986.jpg	. Nothing in the world is difficult for 
images/000027987.jpg	e was a hungry fox that was looking for someth
images/000027988.jpg	atives without previous invitation.Chinese fa
images/000027989.jpg	long those roads as it would be painful f
images/000027990.jpg	, there was no progress. It seemed that the bu
images/000027991.jpg	in but re-loaded his donkey with bags of
images/000027992.jpg	and tolerance, many things may turn out fo
images/000027993.jpg	 parents even after they get married. So a h
images/000027994.jpg	 into wings. Thus, the body would become l
images/000027995.jpg	I want to be happy all the time. But I have put
images/000027996.jpg	mple of humanistic behavior. In the event of a
images/000027997.jpg	 30 times on the first day! Every time he lost
images/000027998.jpg	dent obsessed with the disappearance of all the b
images/000027999.jpg	nce was reduced to half. The little boy foun
images/000028000.jpg	 for his lunch.The fox happily began to eat.
images/000028001.jpg	e man from the ministry came to the king and sa
images/000028002.jpg	erson's growth. There are two apparent factor
images/000028003.jpg	rehension, one should get access to a lot o
images/000028004.jpg	here might be food in it, and he became v
images/000028005.jpg	ng man's actions were the example of humanistic 
images/000028006.jpg	t the boy could not pull out.The boy told his 
images/000028007.jpg	 member of the family contributes to household 
images/000028008.jpg	Second I will go to my grandma's house,because I 
images/000028009.jpg	on human needs and seeks rational ways of solvi
images/000028010.jpg	d out Emily also didn’t know much about C
images/000028011.jpg	randma's house,because I miss her very much.
images/000028012.jpg	there were a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit
images/000028013.jpg	 want to stay with her for several days.Last I
images/000028014.jpg	 in the holidays.What will you do on Summer Holid
images/000028015.jpg	r and anger were like that! Words are more pain
images/000028016.jpg	ing as an out-of-work actor.Together, this 
images/000028017.jpg	nails but still see the holes in the fence. Agai
images/000028018.jpg	hey are so happy to see me do well in the exam.
images/000028019.jpg	s trying to make its way to enjoy its worl
images/000028020.jpg	out of the cocoon. He was watching the butterfly 
images/000028021.jpg	ile some students need to use it to talk to 
images/000028022.jpg	 world as it is, so they are the dearest p
images/000028023.jpg	nded or enlarged nor the swollen body reduced.
images/000028024.jpg	erfly struggling to break the shell for 
images/000028025.jpg	untry with leather so that people might fee
images/000028026.jpg	prosperous life with abundance of wealth
images/000028027.jpg	inistry came to the king and said that he ha
images/000028028.jpg	e was watching the butterfly struggling to 
images/000028029.jpg	hilarious and accepted to do what his fa
images/000028030.jpg	re is the story of a butterfly that was never
images/000028031.jpg	o enjoy its world. He decided to sit over
images/000028032.jpg	to our fellows. Occasional examples of human goo
images/000028033.jpg	ow at our poor firefly.After some time the monk
images/000028034.jpg	ren warmth, care and shelter, while friends give 
images/000028035.jpg	r to the elders' experience-based advice o
images/000028036.jpg	other important part in shaping children
images/000028037.jpg	trip by foot to longer distance. He complained t
images/000028038.jpg	ith each other actively, sincerely and frankly.
images/000028039.jpg	uch time, commitment and discipline to learn
images/000028040.jpg	ifferent purposes. Some students need it to re
images/000028041.jpg	inister. He ordered for a pair of leathe
images/000028042.jpg	woodcutter had placed the food in the tree trunk
images/000028043.jpg	e; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chr
images/000028044.jpg	ied in almost every field of our life. Meanwhile
images/000028045.jpg	nk that maybe the old generation is too conse
images/000028046.jpg	asons why generation gap comes into being. Some
images/000028047.jpg	emper and anger were like that! Words are m
images/000028048.jpg	has led to this phenomenon? As far as I kno
images/000028049.jpg	th his people and accompany them. People of dist
images/000028050.jpg	in time of need. The young man's actions
images/000028051.jpg	at maybe the old generation is too conse
images/000028052.jpg	so that many people can afford their own
images/000028053.jpg	 is from the South and has never seen snow be
images/000028054.jpg	turned home again but re-loaded his donkey with b
images/000028055.jpg	 into the river and noticed that the bags of
images/000028056.jpg	s trick. He then returned home again but re-loade
images/000028057.jpg	r hours to come out through the tiny opening. Un
images/000028058.jpg	ee. Santa Claus is only for human children,”
images/000028059.jpg	s go to school. Except for taking care of 
images/000028060.jpg	thers together to celebrate holidays and enterta
images/000028061.jpg	able and were very stony. He could not tolerate
images/000028062.jpg	lem of generation gap, people's ideas are not cut
images/000028063.jpg	eration is keen on are disgusting to them.Bot
images/000028064.jpg	 Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick
images/000028065.jpg	ers speaking English better than you. Part
images/000028066.jpg	 way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is
images/000028067.jpg	ll out a few nails. The fence never look th
images/000028068.jpg	n with a knife, but the wound will remain ther
images/000028069.jpg	ect and tolerance, many things may turn out 
images/000028070.jpg	eople who used to walk along those roads as it wo
images/000028071.jpg	to watch the butterfly fly with its beautif
images/000028072.jpg	bout the people who used to walk along t
images/000028073.jpg	places were so happy to have a conversation with
images/000028074.jpg	terment and happiness of the people.His min
images/000028075.jpg	 living, friends make another important part i
images/000028076.jpg	t into wings. Thus, the body would become l
images/000028077.jpg	or 30 times on the first day! Every time 
images/000028078.jpg	alked far when they reached a river on the road
images/000028079.jpg	xample of humanistic behavior. In the event of 
images/000028080.jpg	 them. The merchant and his donkey were wal
images/000028081.jpg	able and were very stony. He could not to
images/000028082.jpg	the same cloth. Parents may not be in favor of 
images/000028083.jpg	of seeing things. Computers largely broaden ou
images/000028084.jpg	s temper, he ran to the fence and hammered a 
images/000028085.jpg	d mother. He was the only son for them. T
images/000028086.jpg	, friends make another important part in 
images/000028087.jpg	 even though you find others speaking Engl
images/000028088.jpg	 the answers, stick your thumb to the star
images/000028089.jpg	the food in the tree trunk while he cut down tree
images/000028090.jpg	turn a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based
images/000028091.jpg	computer is a wonderful machine. Today it is used
images/000028092.jpg	ttention to our fellows. Occasional examp
images/000028093.jpg	eaded, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally o
images/000028094.jpg	. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a
images/000028095.jpg	 The monkeys did not listen to the sparr
images/000028096.jpg	ere is the story of a butterfly that was neve
images/000028097.jpg	n the world, the gap between them will be
images/000028098.jpg	ee-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch
images/000028099.jpg	rs and even his friends due to anger. He invited
images/000028100.jpg	nd to have many pleasant characters. If we 
images/000028101.jpg	ind some fire. It will help us to keep warm”
images/000028102.jpg	out most of the nails from the fence. However
images/000028103.jpg	d he tried, he could not get out of the hole. D
images/000028104.jpg	ngry and to lose his temper. The little boy f
images/000028105.jpg	er came up with an idea.One day, his father
images/000028106.jpg	ension, one should get access to a lot of
images/000028107.jpg	very prosperous life with abundance of wealth a
images/000028108.jpg	s a system of beliefs that focuses on common h
images/000028109.jpg	 the children. Chinese families tend to 
images/000028110.jpg	 his son to hammer one nail to the fence ever
images/000028111.jpg	The man was happy that he made the butterfly 
images/000028112.jpg	manism calls for us to pay closer attention to 
images/000028113.jpg	, a former graduate student obsessed with 
images/000028114.jpg	 computers are playing a more and more i
images/000028115.jpg	jion a soccer club,because I like playing soccer.
images/000028116.jpg	s that focuses on common human needs and see
images/000028117.jpg	 both of them. Most of the things that youn
images/000028118.jpg	s. If we say that families offer the environment
images/000028119.jpg	 wonderful combination of colours. In fact,
images/000028120.jpg	 intention, only going through the struggles the 
images/000028121.jpg	e monkeys did not listen to the sparrow. T
images/000028122.jpg	ay that families offer the environment of living
images/000028123.jpg	or the better. Humanism makes the world 
images/000028124.jpg	owman when Fritz appeared with his little niec
images/000028125.jpg	dea. Let’s go home now before you catch 
images/000028126.jpg	eflies. One of the young monkeys thought it
images/000028127.jpg	he fence was reduced and the day arrived 
images/000028128.jpg	t, the most essential quality for successful 
images/000028129.jpg	z said to Emily. “So forget about the who
images/000028130.jpg	 to do. For exampie,first I will jion a socc
images/000028131.jpg	e palace. He was quite happy that he visi
images/000028132.jpg	, there was no progress. It seemed that the butt
images/000028133.jpg	he little boy found it very difficult to hamm
images/000028134.jpg	invitation.Chinese families are proud of their h
images/000028135.jpg	at at any time, the butterfly might expand the w
images/000028136.jpg	e different ideas disturb both of them. Most 
images/000028137.jpg	n, the first surroundings is the family in w
images/000028138.jpg	a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that th
images/000028139.jpg	 With the rapid progressing of the society, 
images/000028140.jpg	. Humanism calls for us to pay closer attention 
images/000028141.jpg	group of monkeys were on a tree. They wer
images/000028142.jpg	. But instead of the load becoming lighter, 
images/000028143.jpg	or taking care of me, she also has to work. The
images/000028144.jpg	centres at distant places. He decided to travel 
images/000028145.jpg	rove the ability of English reading comprehe
images/000028146.jpg	ts, they should learn to understand their childr
images/000028147.jpg	s the butterfly would have emerged like any othe
images/000028148.jpg	r good. Use them to embrace the relationship
images/000028149.jpg	 has to work. Therefore, I want to help her 
images/000028150.jpg	n goodness can remind us of the meaning o
images/000028151.jpg	ends and relatives without previous invi
images/000028152.jpg	 the exam, I will show my paper to my parents, th
images/000028153.jpg	lish learning is perseverance in face of 
images/000028154.jpg	e boy, “The nails were your bad temper and
images/000028155.jpg	or not. When it comes to the problem of ge
images/000028156.jpg	l examples of human goodness can remind us of
images/000028157.jpg	le of distant places were so happy to have
images/000028158.jpg	s outlooks on the world, the gap between th
images/000028159.jpg	r to watch the butterfly fly with its be
images/000028160.jpg	t night. The weather was freezing. A group o
images/000028161.jpg	unately, all their attempts failed. Finall
images/000028162.jpg	he fox had eaten so much food that he bec
images/000028163.jpg	 For all the answers, stick your thumb to the st
images/000028164.jpg	 her in the holidays.What will you do on Summer 
images/000028165.jpg	 nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lo
images/000028166.jpg	ony. He could not tolerate the pain as he 
images/000028167.jpg	 should have some ideal qualities to succeed i
images/000028168.jpg	ary. Don't feel embarrassed when making some em
images/000028169.jpg	at the bags of salt loaded on his back be
images/000028170.jpg	 I like playing soccer.During the summer hol
images/000028171.jpg	ents of the little boy were very depress
images/000028172.jpg	o go on a travel to visit places of historical im
images/000028173.jpg	emaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged w
images/000028174.jpg	panded or enlarged nor the swollen body reduce
images/000028175.jpg	they reached the slippery riverbank, now del
images/000028176.jpg	ds before Earth is demolished to make way
images/000028177.jpg	hammered to the fence was reduced and the
images/000028178.jpg	as a package. The hungry fox immediately t
images/000028179.jpg	ould get access to a lot of reading materials, wh
images/000028180.jpg	e some students need to use it to talk to En
images/000028181.jpg	 field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the de
images/000028182.jpg	e around butterflies. He knew how a butterf
images/000028183.jpg	is coming.I am going to do many things that 
images/000028184.jpg	 in the tree trunk while he cut down tree
images/000028185.jpg	k to English-speakers, attend seminars, writ
images/000028186.jpg	e think that maybe the old generation is 
images/000028187.jpg	r something to eat. He was very hungry. No matt
images/000028188.jpg	 for him and requested the countrymen to we
images/000028189.jpg	guess he is too busy visiting all the human child
images/000028190.jpg	anger, his friends and neighbours avoided
images/000028191.jpg	her monkeys also joined in his effort.A spar
images/000028192.jpg	that maybe the old generation is too conservativ
images/000028193.jpg	the water. But instead of the load becoming 
images/000028194.jpg	 merchant could do, except return home where
images/000028195.jpg	s gathering around the television in the evenin
images/000028196.jpg	butterfly would struggle to transform from an 
images/000028197.jpg	s every day as he had controlled his ang
images/000028198.jpg	d to get angry very soon and taunt others wi
images/000028199.jpg	even after continuous attempts for several hou
images/000028200.jpg	 ministry came to the king and said that
images/000028201.jpg	ht a little before jumping into the hole.”Co
images/000028202.jpg	iful spring morning, a merchant loaded his d
images/000028203.jpg	to use it to talk to English-speakers, at
images/000028204.jpg	they were hammered on people. You can rem
images/000028205.jpg	ctors may influence a person's growth. There
images/000028206.jpg	 destroy the life of thousands of cows to ge
images/000028207.jpg	s friendly, welcoming, and generous to visitors 
images/000028208.jpg	that many people can afford their own personal
images/000028209.jpg	to break the shell for several hours. He spent al
images/000028210.jpg	people spend on computers per week, ranging f
images/000028211.jpg	t places of historical importance and pilgr
images/000028212.jpg	ritz said to Emily. “So forget about the whole
images/000028213.jpg	ge this for the betterment and happiness of the
images/000028214.jpg	e donkey slipped and fell into the river and no
images/000028215.jpg	the butterfly would have emerged like any o
images/000028216.jpg	d in English learning. It requires much time, c
images/000028217.jpg	 Prefect, a researcher for the revised edition o
images/000028218.jpg	parent factors which affect a person's g
images/000028219.jpg	haking his head.“You see. Santa Claus is only f
images/000028220.jpg	re clinging to its branches. One of the monkeys 
images/000028221.jpg	oaded his donkey with more bags of salt
images/000028222.jpg	sed when making some embarrassing mistakes.In
images/000028223.jpg	ened the package, he saw there were a lot of food
images/000028224.jpg	nger and develop kindness. Unfortunately,
images/000028225.jpg	his father gave him a huge bag of nails. He 
images/000028226.jpg	slippery riverbank, now deliberately, the
images/000028227.jpg	ery tired. Now they realized what the spar
images/000028228.jpg	n old woodcutter had placed the food in t
images/000028229.jpg	, at the same time they must keep in mind tha
images/000028230.jpg	nd his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, 
images/000028231.jpg	 the first surroundings is the family in 
images/000028232.jpg	ll of you should take shelter in a cave”. The mon
images/000028233.jpg	to the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen yea
images/000028234.jpg	than you. Participate in all oral activities
images/000028235.jpg	. They continued to blow at our poor firefl
images/000028236.jpg	t and tolerance, many things may turn ou
images/000028237.jpg	it, and he became very happy. He jumped into the
images/000028238.jpg	give them strength and courage. They both help 
images/000028239.jpg	 Importance of HumanismHumanism is a system
images/000028240.jpg	up. Parents are children's first teachers, so
images/000028241.jpg	rs were stunned to hear his order as it would 
images/000028242.jpg	 have some ideal qualities to succeed in
images/000028243.jpg	ppy families tend to have many pleasant c
images/000028244.jpg	he forgot what he spoke in anger, his fr
images/000028245.jpg	ppily lived under the rule of a king. The pe
images/000028246.jpg	parents through the verbal usage. While 
images/000028247.jpg	ey are so happy to see me do well in the ex
images/000028248.jpg	ace of hardship. Don't be intimidated even 
images/000028249.jpg	appeal to different generations. Those who grow u
images/000028250.jpg	The little boy found it very difficult to hammer 
images/000028251.jpg	y life, whether you admit it or not. When it co
images/000028252.jpg	s son to hammer one nail to the fence every time 
images/000028253.jpg	r attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s fathe
images/000028254.jpg	o transform from an ugly caterpillar into a
images/000028255.jpg	e in ChinaThe members in a Chinese family
images/000028256.jpg	velers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, 
images/000028257.jpg	 not cut from the same cloth. Parents may not
images/000028258.jpg	there might be food in it, and he became 
images/000028259.jpg	ll the human children to have much time left for 
images/000028260.jpg	ions. Those who grow up in happy families tend to
images/000028261.jpg	d. Finally, the boy’s father came up with an ide
images/000028262.jpg	are playing a more and more important role 
images/000028263.jpg	nk while he cut down trees in the forest. H
images/000028264.jpg	o cover the road of the whole country wit
images/000028265.jpg	ther consoled him in many ways to give up 
images/000028266.jpg	know that a beautiful and colourful butterfly 
images/000028267.jpg	dered for a pair of leather shoes for hi
images/000028268.jpg	 destroy the life of thousands of cows to g
images/000028269.jpg	opriate shape to cover your feet?’The king w
images/000028270.jpg	and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate student 
images/000028271.jpg	of distant places were so happy to have a convers
images/000028272.jpg	on to make larger opening for the butterfly and 
images/000028273.jpg	rents of the little boy were very depressed
images/000028274.jpg	severance in face of hardship. Don't be intimi
images/000028275.jpg	change this for the betterment and happiness of t
images/000028276.jpg	him fall for angry words. He scolded kid
images/000028277.jpg	im and requested the countrymen to wear shoes.
images/000028278.jpg	er how hard he tried, he could not get out of
images/000028279.jpg	 in many ways to give up his anger and de
images/000028280.jpg	sh learning is perseverance in face of hard
images/000028281.jpg	ant to do. For exampie,first I will jion a so
images/000028282.jpg	 he also bring presents to animal childr
images/000028283.jpg	pplauded the minister. He ordered for a pair o
images/000028284.jpg	ined to his ministers that the roads weren’t 
images/000028285.jpg	t purposes. Some students need it to read En
images/000028286.jpg	ried, the fox could not find food. Finally he w
images/000028287.jpg	efits to us. It makes us do things more quic
images/000028288.jpg	amilies offer children warmth, care and shelter,
images/000028289.jpg	heir parents even after they get married. S
images/000028290.jpg	e in modern life.What has led to this phenomen
images/000028291.jpg	ish learning is perseverance in face of hardship.
images/000028292.jpg	 they should learn to understand their ch
images/000028293.jpg	hours with the cocoon and the butterfly. The
images/000028294.jpg	s hammered to the fence was reduced and the
images/000028295.jpg	he body would become lighter and smaller and th
images/000028296.jpg	 how I do well in the exam, they just want
images/000028297.jpg	 physical abuse! Use words for good. Use th
images/000028298.jpg	velers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, th
images/000028299.jpg	ey reached the slippery riverbank, now delib
images/000028300.jpg	e thought that at any time, the butterfly 
images/000028301.jpg	sitors who can drop in on friends and rel
images/000028302.jpg	nt others with his words. His bad temper made
images/000028303.jpg	clothes. Young people either turn a deaf 
images/000028304.jpg	to better ways of seeing things. Computers larg
images/000028305.jpg	 see the holes in the fence. Again, you cannot p
images/000028306.jpg	an), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tr
images/000028307.jpg	illian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod
images/000028308.jpg	id, brilliant, and chronically depressed robo
images/000028309.jpg	iled. Finally, the boy’s father came up with an i
images/000028310.jpg	nism calls for us to pay closer attention
images/000028311.jpg	s: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three
images/000028312.jpg	he boy, “The nails were your bad temper and th
images/000028313.jpg	s - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he
images/000028314.jpg	f the hours that people spend on computers p
images/000028315.jpg	The little boy found it hilarious and accepted 
images/000028316.jpg	weather was freezing. A group of monkeys were
images/000028317.jpg	n physical abuse! Use words for good. Use 
images/000028318.jpg	ain there forever. Your bad temper and ange
images/000028319.jpg	to cover the road with leather? Rather, you can 
images/000028320.jpg	hort Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne b
images/000028321.jpg	er from a nearby spring. However, no matter
images/000028322.jpg	he king asked - what was his alternative idea.
images/000028323.jpg	order to cover the road of the whole country 
images/000028324.jpg	 seeks rational ways of solving human problem
images/000028325.jpg	some water from a nearby spring. However, no ma
images/000028326.jpg	resident of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tri
images/000028327.jpg	 friends give them strength and courage. Th
images/000028328.jpg	ur tried to pick up at a cocktail party once upo
images/000028329.jpg	that it was several days that he did not h
images/000028330.jpg	much.I want to stay with her for several da
images/000028331.jpg	th tiny opening. It meant that the butterfly 
images/000028332.jpg	monkeys were on a tree. They were clinging to 
images/000028333.jpg	nd over again so that many people can afford thei
images/000028334.jpg	 drink some water from a nearby spring. However
images/000028335.jpg	ings. Thus, the body would become lighter and sm
images/000028336.jpg	 want to undergo any struggle, we won’t 
images/000028337.jpg	ng of humanism. If we treat our fellows with res
images/000028338.jpg	ils. He asked his son to hammer one nail to 
images/000028339.jpg	 cut down trees in the forest. He was going t
images/000028340.jpg	eir parents even after they get married. So a ho
images/000028341.jpg	the nails from the fence. However, there rem
images/000028342.jpg	 the merchant could do, except return home
images/000028343.jpg	 home again but re-loaded his donkey with bags of
images/000028344.jpg	ails from the fence. However, there remained a fe
images/000028345.jpg	Voojagig, a former graduate student obse
images/000028346.jpg	w. They continued to blow at our poor fire
images/000028347.jpg	f them. Most of the things that young ge
images/000028348.jpg	s and decided to control his temper.Gradually, t
images/000028349.jpg	into the river and wasted all the bags of salt on
images/000028350.jpg	ivilized world humanism plays an important
images/000028351.jpg	 morning, a merchant loaded his donkey w
images/000028352.jpg	ided by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Z
images/000028353.jpg	nkeys became very tired. Now they realized w
images/000028354.jpg	ay closer attention to our fellows. Occasional 
images/000028355.jpg	y must keep in mind that different things ap
images/000028356.jpg	 the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen years, ha
images/000028357.jpg	president of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly 
images/000028358.jpg	ee-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch pr
images/000028359.jpg	ng of three generations is common.Chinese fa
images/000028360.jpg	 graduate student obsessed with the disa
images/000028361.jpg	st for many years. I guess he is too busy visiti
images/000028362.jpg	ronment of living, friends make another importan
images/000028363.jpg	d it with good intention, only going thr
images/000028364.jpg	e together, with several generations gatherin
images/000028365.jpg	 several reasons. With the rapid progressing of 
images/000028366.jpg	activities. The more you speak, the better 
images/000028367.jpg	 himself, “I wish that I had thought a litt
images/000028368.jpg	 He knew how a butterfly would struggle to tra
images/000028369.jpg	end to have many pleasant characters. If we say 
images/000028370.jpg	hey just want me to be happy. I know I sho
images/000028371.jpg	so that people might feel comfortable, immediatel
images/000028372.jpg	le in the maintenance of our society. Human
images/000028373.jpg	arning. It requires much time, commitment and di
images/000028374.jpg	ght be food in it, and he became very happy
images/000028375.jpg	fellows. Occasional examples of human goodnes
images/000028376.jpg	ine. Today it is used a great deal. There is a 
images/000028377.jpg	 problem of generation gap, people's ideas 
images/000028378.jpg	r, his friends and neighbours avoided him.His m
images/000028379.jpg	they just want me to be happy. I know I s
images/000028380.jpg	t makes us do things more quickly. Further more, 
images/000028381.jpg	phod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, 
images/000028382.jpg	: “I think all of you should take shelter in
images/000028383.jpg	they noticed a flock of fireflies. One of 
images/000028384.jpg	he fence every time he became angry and t
images/000028385.jpg	 Chinese families tend to socialize toge
images/000028386.jpg	will grow up. Parents are children's first teache
images/000028387.jpg	id it with good intention, only going throu
images/000028388.jpg	y, humanism can be as important as actual me
images/000028389.jpg	ral days passed and the boy was able to pull ou
images/000028390.jpg	nd the society, so by contacting with friends on
images/000028391.jpg	nkey’s trick. He then returned home again but r
images/000028392.jpg	in our daily life, whether you admit it or not.
images/000028393.jpg	e Earth is demolished to make way for a gal
images/000028394.jpg	e asked me, shivering in the cold air.“Santa Cl
images/000028395.jpg	his father and mother. He was the only son for th
images/000028396.jpg	l over! You can stab a man with a knife, but the 
images/000028397.jpg	ather about the same.  The father appreciat
images/000028398.jpg	 body. It was never able to fly all through i
images/000028399.jpg	 the same tree. She noticed what they were do
images/000028400.jpg	a few nails that the boy could not pull o
images/000028401.jpg	 with friends one can get into the society and b
images/000028402.jpg	esents to animal children?” Emily asked.
images/000028403.jpg	s to animal children?” Emily asked.Short Stories
images/000028404.jpg	r good. Use them to embrace the relationships. 
images/000028405.jpg	onderful combination of colours. In fact, he us
images/000028406.jpg	think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen hi
images/000028407.jpg	rom the butterfly to come out of its cocoon w
images/000028408.jpg	e had controlled his anger. Several days
images/000028409.jpg	in almost every field of our life. Meanwhi
images/000028410.jpg	thing to eat. He was very hungry. No matter 
images/000028411.jpg	n when Fritz appeared with his little niece Emily
images/000028412.jpg	 a beautiful and colourful butterfly comes from 
images/000028413.jpg	to wings. Thus, the body would become lig
images/000028414.jpg	m a huge bag of nails. He asked his son 
images/000028415.jpg	olish, tricky donkey again set on its way. On 
images/000028416.jpg	ections between children and the society, so by 
images/000028417.jpg	and smaller and the wings would be beautifu
images/000028418.jpg	us life with abundance of wealth and no m
images/000028419.jpg	he sparrow continued: “I think all of yo
images/000028420.jpg	n problems.There are many examples that demons
images/000028421.jpg	 a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to 
images/000028422.jpg	ich affect a person's growth. One is family, and 
images/000028423.jpg	l. Except for taking care of me, she also has
images/000028424.jpg	 the answers, stick your thumb to the stars!Su
images/000028425.jpg	t, the boy did not lose his temper. He tol
images/000028426.jpg	s, they are so happy to see me do well in the 
images/000028427.jpg	en and the society, so by contacting with frien
images/000028428.jpg	 hammer any nail and he did not lose his temper
images/000028429.jpg	 crawled around with withered wings and hug
images/000028430.jpg	ngdom were very happy as they had a very prosper
images/000028431.jpg	ildren. Chinese families tend to sociali
images/000028432.jpg	haracter. As parents, they should learn to u
images/000028433.jpg	his part of the forest for many years. I gu
images/000028434.jpg	ant and his donkey were walking along togeth
images/000028435.jpg	tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after contin
images/000028436.jpg	ors who can drop in on friends and relat
images/000028437.jpg	man with a knife, but the wound will remain ther
images/000028438.jpg	ousehold is always friendly, welcoming, and ge
images/000028439.jpg	d support the body.  Unfortunately, neith
images/000028440.jpg	 can stab a man with a knife, but the wound
images/000028441.jpg	discovered the donkey’s trick. He then r
images/000028442.jpg	s of the people.His ministers were stunned to
images/000028443.jpg	with their king and they were proud that their k
images/000028444.jpg	uld see his fellow people leading a prop
images/000028445.jpg	hat there might be food in it, and he became ver
images/000028446.jpg	d finished eating, he felt thirsty and decided t
images/000028447.jpg	ss factors may influence a person's growth. There
images/000028448.jpg	sed to get angry very soon and taunt others
images/000028449.jpg	 king and they were proud that their kin
images/000028450.jpg	x immediately thought that there might be foo
images/000028451.jpg	ave I,” Harry added, shaking his head.“You see
images/000028452.jpg	t all the students need English and they need
images/000028453.jpg	pair of leather shoes for him and requested the
images/000028454.jpg	th. One is family, and the other is frie
images/000028455.jpg	ecided to leave the trunk and drink some 
images/000028456.jpg	 the fierce market competition, the price has
images/000028457.jpg	nger were like that! Words are more painful th
images/000028458.jpg	hey both help children to understand the 
images/000028459.jpg	at there might be food in it, and he became very
images/000028460.jpg	ral activities. The more you speak, the bett
images/000028461.jpg	or successful English learning is perseverance
images/000028462.jpg	 market in order to sell them. The merchant and h
images/000028463.jpg	e old generation is too conservative to accept an
images/000028464.jpg	em to embrace the relationships. Use them to 
images/000028465.jpg	you think he will come if I write to him?”
images/000028466.jpg	cocoon. The butterfly emerged without any st
images/000028467.jpg	er about the same.  The father appreciated hi
images/000028468.jpg	oy its world. He decided to sit over and watch h
images/000028469.jpg	ith leather so that people might feel comforta
images/000028470.jpg	 as I know, it involves several reasons. With t
images/000028471.jpg	ly. The butterfly had been struggling very hard f
images/000028472.jpg	the wings, shrink the body and the wings could s
images/000028473.jpg	 to anger. He invited all worries for his p
images/000028474.jpg	 he went to the edge of the forest and sea
images/000028475.jpg	ung monkeys thought it was fire.He caught a f
images/000028476.jpg	nately, even after continuous attempts for sev
images/000028477.jpg	n order to cover the road of the whole country w
images/000028478.jpg	eliberately, the donkey fell into the river a
images/000028479.jpg	d, “brings presents and toys to human ch
images/000028480.jpg	Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the cold air
images/000028481.jpg	ow deliberately, the donkey fell into th
images/000028482.jpg	son to hammer one nail to the fence every time
images/000028483.jpg	as two days before Christmas. Harry, Cor
images/000028484.jpg	nd silent night. The weather was freezing.
images/000028485.jpg	times on the first day! Every time he lo
images/000028486.jpg	 up at a cocktail party once upon a time zone
images/000028487.jpg	olish, tricky donkey again set on its way. 
images/000028488.jpg	 when I was go to school. Except for taking 
images/000028489.jpg	 to kill the holy animal cow to cover the roa
images/000028490.jpg	 the struggles the butterfly would have emerged l
images/000028491.jpg	a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon t
images/000028492.jpg	 I do well in the exam, I will show my paper to
images/000028493.jpg	.The man was happy that he made the butterfly co
images/000028494.jpg	 bags of sponges.The foolish, tricky donkey a
images/000028495.jpg	 care and shelter, while friends give them streng
images/000028496.jpg	 the butterfly to come out of its cocoon w
images/000028497.jpg	ately, the donkey slipped and fell into the
images/000028498.jpg	stmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy bu
images/000028499.jpg	 again but re-loaded his donkey with bags of sp
images/000028500.jpg	about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number 
images/000028501.jpg	tiful butterflies! The continuous effort from the
images/000028502.jpg	vering in the cold air.“Santa Claus,” I e
images/000028503.jpg	 mind that different things appeal to differen
images/000028504.jpg	d himself, “I wish that I had thought a lit
images/000028505.jpg	he foolish, tricky donkey again set on i
images/000028506.jpg	ersation with their king and they were proud
images/000028507.jpg	f fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-he
images/000028508.jpg	e sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly mon
images/000028509.jpg	e your bad temper and they were hammered on 
images/000028510.jpg	ere so happy to have a conversation with th
images/000028511.jpg	ll into the water. But instead of the load beco
images/000028512.jpg	ting all the human children to have much time lef
images/000028513.jpg	everal hours, there was no progress. It se
images/000028514.jpg	y. He got a pair of scissors and tweaked
images/000028515.jpg	nder a dry leaf and started blowing at it.Som
images/000028516.jpg	er you admit it or not. When it comes to the pr
images/000028517.jpg	air of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make l
images/000028518.jpg	ts need to use it to talk to English-speakers,
images/000028519.jpg	a cave”. The monkeys did not listen to t
images/000028520.jpg	other countries' family. In China, children liv
images/000028521.jpg	th bags of salt to go to the market in orde
images/000028522.jpg	n (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfrie
images/000028523.jpg	ilarious and accepted to do what his father sa
images/000028524.jpg	fly just crawled around with withered wings a
images/000028525.jpg	ing and said that he had another idea.T
images/000028526.jpg	ting all the human children to have much 
images/000028527.jpg	rom the ministry came to the king and said that h
images/000028528.jpg	y fox immediately thought that there might be
images/000028529.jpg	 load becoming lighter, it became heavier
images/000028530.jpg	e pain as he walked all the way through 
images/000028531.jpg	ocuses on common human needs and seeks r
images/000028532.jpg	 every time he became angry and to lose his
images/000028533.jpg	he made the butterfly come out of the cocoo
images/000028534.jpg	ve different opinions on the reasons why genera
images/000028535.jpg	r tried to pick up at a cocktail party once upon 
images/000028536.jpg	casional examples of human goodness can remi
images/000028537.jpg	een them will be narrowed down in time. Bot
images/000028538.jpg	e market in order to sell them. The merc
images/000028539.jpg	nds before Earth is demolished to make wa
images/000028540.jpg	hours. He spent almost more than 10 hours with t
images/000028541.jpg	he trunk and drink some water from a nearb
images/000028542.jpg	d many pilgrim centres and could see his fellow 
images/000028543.jpg	ts need it to read English textbooks or jonrnal
images/000028544.jpg	trolled his anger. Several days passed and 
images/000028545.jpg	d applauded the minister. He ordered for 
images/000028546.jpg	 to the decline of cost and the fierce market 
images/000028547.jpg	 Most of the things that young generation is ke
images/000028548.jpg	 hard for hours to come out through the tiny 
images/000028549.jpg	 he also bring presents to animal children?” Emi
images/000028550.jpg	thes. Young people either turn a deaf ear 
images/000028551.jpg	caught a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf and
images/000028552.jpg	 common human needs and seeks rational ways o
images/000028553.jpg	g to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on the
images/000028554.jpg	 the forest and searched there for food. 
images/000028555.jpg	comfortable, immediately.The king thought that h
images/000028556.jpg	heir parents even after they get married.
images/000028557.jpg	trunk while he cut down trees in the fore
images/000028558.jpg	er and it would cost a huge amount of money also.
images/000028559.jpg	ty. Friends are the connections between children 
images/000028560.jpg	fly all through its life.Although the man
images/000028561.jpg	cters. If we say that families offer the en
images/000028562.jpg	 increase of the hours that people spend on comp
images/000028563.jpg	e pain as he walked all the way through 
images/000028564.jpg	d down in time. Both sides should talk over their
images/000028565.jpg	nk, now deliberately, the donkey fell into
images/000028566.jpg	 returned home again but re-loaded his d
images/000028567.jpg	e should get access to a lot of reading materia
images/000028568.jpg	 the exam, I will show my paper to my parents
images/000028569.jpg	rder to cover the road of the whole country wit
images/000028570.jpg	hant quickly discovered the donkey’s trick. 
images/000028571.jpg	 was looking for something to eat. He was very
images/000028572.jpg	t! Words are more painful than physical 
images/000028573.jpg	effort from the butterfly to come out of i
images/000028574.jpg	arry added, shaking his head.“You see. San
images/000028575.jpg	personality. Friends are the connections 
images/000028576.jpg	 tried, the fox could not find food. Finally
images/000028577.jpg	hey had not walked far when they reached a r
images/000028578.jpg	hildren and keep the lines of communications with
images/000028579.jpg	as.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me
images/000028580.jpg	 needs and seeks rational ways of solving h
images/000028581.jpg	on gap exists in our daily life, whether you 
images/000028582.jpg	 will show my paper to my parents, they are so ha
images/000028583.jpg	 gives us insights into other cultures and keeps
images/000028584.jpg	 from the same cloth. Parents may not be in f
images/000028585.jpg	aduate student obsessed with the disappearance 
images/000028586.jpg	machine. Today it is used a great deal. There 
images/000028587.jpg	rld humanism plays an important role in 
images/000028588.jpg	r the swollen body reduced.Unfortunately, the 
images/000028589.jpg	ecame very happy. He jumped into the hol
images/000028590.jpg	, for the last fifteen years, has been posing as
images/000028591.jpg	time, there was a hungry fox that was loo
images/000028592.jpg	mmered to the fence was reduced and the day ar
images/000028593.jpg	hammered on the fence was reduced to half. T
images/000028594.jpg	ls hammered to the fence was reduced and the d
images/000028595.jpg	, his friends and neighbours avoided him.
images/000028596.jpg	e so happy to have a conversation with their 
images/000028597.jpg	erance in face of hardship. Don't be intim
images/000028598.jpg	. Their voices are not taken into account. T
images/000028599.jpg	es should talk over their problems with eac
images/000028600.jpg	thered wings.The man was happy that he 
images/000028601.jpg	re these pens? Why are we born? Why do we 
images/000028602.jpg	ating computers are playing a more and more impo
images/000028603.jpg	s. “She doesn’t know much about our winters.”
images/000028604.jpg	d food. Finally he went to the edge of t
images/000028605.jpg	oy the life of thousands of cows to get the
images/000028606.jpg	s to the decline of cost and the fierce m
images/000028607.jpg	e was no progress. It seemed that the butte
images/000028608.jpg	tend to socialize together, with several
images/000028609.jpg	n the exam, they just want me to be happy. 
images/000028610.jpg	w I do well in the exam, they just want 
images/000028611.jpg	of a butterfly that was never able to live a
images/000028612.jpg	uld not find food. Finally he went to the edge
images/000028613.jpg	 families offer the environment of living, f
images/000028614.jpg	 to the stars!Summer holiday is coming.I am
images/000028615.jpg	ife with abundance of wealth and no misfort
images/000028616.jpg	television in the evening.The Importance of
images/000028617.jpg	 have put so much pressure on myself. One day, 
images/000028618.jpg	o his bad temper. The boy used to get angry 
images/000028619.jpg	he boy did not lose his temper. He told his fath
images/000028620.jpg	main there forever. Your bad temper and 
images/000028621.jpg	new how a butterfly would struggle to transform
images/000028622.jpg	 have put so much pressure on myself. One day, m
images/000028623.jpg	g, a former graduate student obsessed with the di
images/000028624.jpg	luid stored in the body convert into wings. Th
images/000028625.jpg	world humanism plays an important role in t
images/000028626.jpg	. The merchant and his donkey were walkin
images/000028627.jpg	ger opening for the butterfly and removed t
images/000028628.jpg	y leaf and started blowing at it.Some other
images/000028629.jpg	othing the merchant could do, except retu
images/000028630.jpg	rbal usage. While he forgot what he spoke in ange
images/000028631.jpg	ld the boy, “The nails were your bad temper and
images/000028632.jpg	 plays an important role in the maintenance
images/000028633.jpg	ellows. Occasional examples of human goodness can
images/000028634.jpg	 the nails and decided to control his temper
images/000028635.jpg	on. He loved butterflies and had a craze for
images/000028636.jpg	t hilarious and accepted to do what his f
images/000028637.jpg	e eager to watch the butterfly fly with its be
images/000028638.jpg	 deal. There is a drastic increase of the ho
images/000028639.jpg	y. In China, children live with their pare
images/000028640.jpg	inese families tend to socialize together, w
images/000028641.jpg	mples of human goodness can remind us of th
images/000028642.jpg	ought that at any time, the butterfly mi
images/000028643.jpg	ht a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf and s
images/000028644.jpg	o travel by foot to interact with his people 
images/000028645.jpg	ponsible for solving the problem. As long 
images/000028646.jpg	 for something to eat. He was very hungry
images/000028647.jpg	 generous to visitors who can drop in on frien
images/000028648.jpg	he world is difficult for one who sets his m
images/000028649.jpg	nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not 
images/000028650.jpg	et. He told himself, “I wish that I had th
images/000028651.jpg	ew days, the number of nails hammered on 
images/000028652.jpg	nd wasted all the bags of salt on its back agai
images/000028653.jpg	elter in a cave”. The monkeys did not listen to t
images/000028654.jpg	 in time of need. The young man's actions
images/000028655.jpg	. Humanism makes the world a more beautif
images/000028656.jpg	oon would let the fluid stored in the bod
images/000028657.jpg	us, the body would become lighter and smalle
images/000028658.jpg	They both help children to understand the world 
images/000028659.jpg	en on are disgusting to them.Both generations s
images/000028660.jpg	r king and they were proud that their kin
images/000028661.jpg	bag of nails. He asked his son to hammer
images/000028662.jpg	 the number of nails hammered to the fence wa
images/000028663.jpg	 his donkey were walking along together. The
images/000028664.jpg	. The hungry fox immediately thought tha
images/000028665.jpg	 the reasons why generation gap comes into
images/000028666.jpg	 computers are playing a more and more impor
images/000028667.jpg	of cost and the fierce market competition, the pr
images/000028668.jpg	 all over! You can stab a man with a kni
images/000028669.jpg	 opened the package, he saw there were a lo
images/000028670.jpg	 of the things that young generation is keen 
images/000028671.jpg	e minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill th
images/000028672.jpg	ve to accept anything new. Their voices are 
images/000028673.jpg	happily began to eat. After the fox had finishe
images/000028674.jpg	he had controlled his anger. Several days passe
images/000028675.jpg	as going to eat it for his lunch.The fox happi
images/000028676.jpg	ngs is the family in which he will grow up. P
images/000028677.jpg	ty. Friends are the connections between childre
images/000028678.jpg	al days.Last I will help my mother do some housew
images/000028679.jpg	e, we won’t be able to fly!Christmas Surprise
images/000028680.jpg	egan a journey through space aided by a gal
images/000028681.jpg	se words for good. Use them to embrace th
images/000028682.jpg	ore Earth is demolished to make way for a
images/000028683.jpg	he ButterflyMany of us know that a beauti
images/000028684.jpg	ily are respectively more than in other 
images/000028685.jpg	oth sides should talk over their problems with ea
images/000028686.jpg	 silent night. The weather was freezing. 
images/000028687.jpg	e has been marked down over and over again so tha
images/000028688.jpg	nand applauded the minister. He ordered f
images/000028689.jpg	uman children to have much time left for animals.
images/000028690.jpg	ring morning, a merchant loaded his donkey with 
images/000028691.jpg	ch pressure on myself. One day, my parents
images/000028692.jpg	ry leaf and started blowing at it.Some other mon
images/000028693.jpg	st and searched there for food. Suddenly he 
images/000028694.jpg	oodcutter had placed the food in the tree tr
images/000028695.jpg	. Unfortunately, all their attempts fail
images/000028696.jpg	he nails but still see the holes in the fence
images/000028697.jpg	e cut down trees in the forest. He was going to
images/000028698.jpg	ght Son at the Right Time". The soldier ex
images/000028699.jpg	nd with withered wings and huge body. It
images/000028700.jpg	ain fell into the water. But instead of th
images/000028701.jpg	em. Most of the things that young generatio
images/000028702.jpg	y difficult to hammer the nails and decided to 
images/000028703.jpg	 the butterfly would come out of the coc
images/000028704.jpg	 appeal to different generations. Those who 
images/000028705.jpg	ing hand to the old man in time of need. The
images/000028706.jpg	30 times on the first day! Every time he lost hi
images/000028707.jpg	s. It seemed that the butterfly tried its bes
images/000028708.jpg	 failed. Finally, the boy’s father came up
images/000028709.jpg	arry added, shaking his head.“You see. 
images/000028710.jpg	 knew how a butterfly would struggle to tra
images/000028711.jpg	ant places were so happy to have a conversation
images/000028712.jpg	e spoke in anger, his friends and neighbours avoi
images/000028713.jpg	der to improve the ability of English read
images/000028714.jpg	ctively more than in other countries' fam
images/000028715.jpg	ion.How to Be a Successful English Learne
images/000028716.jpg	t in the story of "The Right Son at the Right Ti
images/000028717.jpg	was quite eager to watch the butterfly fly wit
images/000028718.jpg	, “I wish we could find some fire. It will help
images/000028719.jpg	uld see his fellow people leading a propitio
images/000028720.jpg	the world a more beautiful place to live i
images/000028721.jpg	tion of colours. In fact, he used to spend a lot
images/000028722.jpg	y, the butterfly looked no longer beautiful an
images/000028723.jpg	on without any more struggles. He contin
images/000028724.jpg	computer is a wonderful machine. Today it is
images/000028725.jpg	 He spent almost more than 10 hours with
images/000028726.jpg	ly, neither the wings expanded or enlarged nor 
images/000028727.jpg	pt anything new. Their voices are not taken
images/000028728.jpg	lliant, and chronically depressed robot;
images/000028729.jpg	stony. He could not tolerate the pain as he
images/000028730.jpg	 maybe the old generation is too conservat
images/000028731.jpg	n as he walked all the way through the ro
images/000028732.jpg	 should learn to understand their children and
images/000028733.jpg	ot of time around butterflies. He knew how 
images/000028734.jpg	came too big to fit through the hole.The fox 
images/000028735.jpg	 the cocoon without any more struggles. He co
images/000028736.jpg	s trying to make its way to enjoy its world. He d
images/000028737.jpg	per to my parents, they are so happy to see me 
images/000028738.jpg	k, the better your spoken English will be. N
images/000028739.jpg	 successful English learning is perseverance in f
images/000028740.jpg	of their children's hairstyle and weird clo
images/000028741.jpg	 see the holes in the fence. Again, you ca
images/000028742.jpg	ts of the little boy were very depressed due 
images/000028743.jpg	puters per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours to 
images/000028744.jpg	sework. She was really tired when I was 
images/000028745.jpg	e respectively more than in other countries'
images/000028746.jpg	aking care of me, she also has to work. 
images/000028747.jpg	ngs that young generation is keen on are di
images/000028748.jpg	sing of the society, computers are now widely ap
images/000028749.jpg	 forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home now b
images/000028750.jpg	 learn English well. In order to improve the
images/000028751.jpg	olerate the pain as he walked all the way through
images/000028752.jpg	w laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys th
images/000028753.jpg	 will help my mother do some housework. She wa
images/000028754.jpg	is donkey were walking along together. Th
images/000028755.jpg	 minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill th
images/000028756.jpg	s order as it would destroy the life of thousan
images/000028757.jpg	appealing worm! Here is the story of a bu
images/000028758.jpg	in appropriate shape to cover your feet?’
images/000028759.jpg	 all the bags of salt on its back again.The me
images/000028760.jpg	ee TrunkOnce upon a time, there was a hungry fo
images/000028761.jpg	 on common human needs and seeks rational ways 
images/000028762.jpg	pie,first I will jion a soccer club,because
images/000028763.jpg	lock of fireflies. One of the young monkeys t
images/000028764.jpg	applauded the minister. He ordered for a pai
images/000028765.jpg	 find others speaking English better than y
images/000028766.jpg	f human goodness can remind us of the meaning of
images/000028767.jpg	happy families tend to have many pleasant c
images/000028768.jpg	0 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly. The 
images/000028769.jpg	other do some housework. She was really tired whe
images/000028770.jpg	nstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism is appar
images/000028771.jpg	onderful machine. Today it is used a gre
images/000028772.jpg	ox had eaten so much food that he became to
images/000028773.jpg	y broaden our vision.How to Be a Successful E
images/000028774.jpg	ive up his anger and develop kindness. U
images/000028775.jpg	 watching the butterfly struggling to break the 
images/000028776.jpg	n remind us of the meaning of humanism. If 
images/000028777.jpg	world, the gap between them will be narr
images/000028778.jpg	arched there for food. Suddenly he caught sigh
images/000028779.jpg	id it with good intention, only going through th
images/000028780.jpg	ence never look the same! It has scars a
images/000028781.jpg	With the rapid progressing of the society, c
images/000028782.jpg	aw there were a lot of food, bread, meat an
images/000028783.jpg	ur poor firefly.After some time the mon
images/000028784.jpg	han you. Participate in all oral activit
images/000028785.jpg	ly comes from an unappealing worm! Here is the st
images/000028786.jpg	. The monkeys were sitting on the same tree.
images/000028787.jpg	erfly was trying to make its way to enjoy its 
images/000028788.jpg	 sides should talk over their problems with
images/000028789.jpg	iday, I want to practice more to improve
images/000028790.jpg	y with bags of salt to go to the market in
images/000028791.jpg	ning. It requires much time, commitment an
images/000028792.jpg	 show my paper to my parents, they are so hap
images/000028793.jpg	annot pull out a few nails. The fence never
images/000028794.jpg	fficult to hammer the nails and decided 
images/000028795.jpg	er several weeks, he returned to the palace. He 
images/000028796.jpg	 day, my parents tell me that they don’t care
images/000028797.jpg	ch how the butterfly would come out of the 
images/000028798.jpg	d to spend a lot of time around butterflies. He 
images/000028799.jpg	 families are hospitable. The family gathe
images/000028800.jpg	 life, whether you admit it or not. When it co
images/000028801.jpg	h leather? Rather, you can just have a pi
images/000028802.jpg	 our fellows. Occasional examples of human good
images/000028803.jpg	er beautiful butterflies! The continuous
images/000028804.jpg	ral activities. The more you speak, the better y
images/000028805.jpg	hildren live with their parents even after
images/000028806.jpg	 generation gap, people's ideas are not cut 
images/000028807.jpg	chhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last f
images/000028808.jpg	ortant role in shaping children's characte
images/000028809.jpg	erate the pain as he walked all the way through t
images/000028810.jpg	ungry fox that was looking for something to
images/000028811.jpg	e now widely applied in almost every field
images/000028812.jpg	n, only going through the struggles the bu
images/000028813.jpg	 make larger opening for the butterfly and re
images/000028814.jpg	all the students need English and they need it 
images/000028815.jpg	ther gave him a huge bag of nails. He ask
images/000028816.jpg	 in the holidays.What will you do on Summer Ho
images/000028817.jpg	 One day, my parents tell me that they don’t ca
images/000028818.jpg	ce and hammered a nail. In the next few days, the
images/000028819.jpg	pectively more than in other countries' fam
images/000028820.jpg	ful than physical abuse! Use words for go
images/000028821.jpg	hen returned home again but re-loaded his do
images/000028822.jpg	ng to break the shell for several hours. He spe
images/000028823.jpg	ithered wings and huge body. It was neve
images/000028824.jpg	me water from a nearby spring. However, no ma
images/000028825.jpg	ey’s trick. He then returned home again b
images/000028826.jpg	 do many things that I want to do. For e
images/000028827.jpg	water. But instead of the load becoming ligh
images/000028828.jpg	ctively more than in other countries' fa
images/000028829.jpg	d a nail. In the next few days, the numb
images/000028830.jpg	 the boy, “The nails were your bad temper and t
images/000028831.jpg	eral generations gathering around the televis
images/000028832.jpg	n 10 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly.
images/000028833.jpg	o didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who 
images/000028834.jpg	th them open, at the same time they must keep i
images/000028835.jpg	nts may not be in favor of their children'
images/000028836.jpg	en's character. As parents, they should learn to 
images/000028837.jpg	ant that the butterfly was trying to make its way
images/000028838.jpg	e problem of generation gap, people's ideas are 
images/000028839.jpg	e him fall for angry words. He scolded kids, neig
images/000028840.jpg	butterfly just crawled around with withered w
images/000028841.jpg	kindness. Unfortunately, all their attempts f
images/000028842.jpg	hink he will come if I write to him?” Emily
images/000028843.jpg	d as it is, so they are the dearest parts
images/000028844.jpg	ing is perseverance in face of hardship. Don'
images/000028845.jpg	portant role in shaping children's character. As 
images/000028846.jpg	 with abundance of wealth and no misfortunes.Th
images/000028847.jpg	ve”. The monkeys did not listen to the sparrow. 
images/000028848.jpg	how hard he tried, he could not get out of the h
images/000028849.jpg	 in the world is difficult for one who sets 
images/000028850.jpg	er.During the summer holiday, I want to p
images/000028851.jpg	So forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home now
images/000028852.jpg	brate holidays and entertain friends. The hous
images/000028853.jpg	woodcutter had placed the food in the tree trun
images/000028854.jpg	l see the holes in the fence. Again, you cannot 
images/000028855.jpg	g materials, which can also help accumul
images/000028856.jpg	. As parents, they should learn to under
images/000028857.jpg	 of human goodness can remind us of the meanin
images/000028858.jpg	hy are we born? Why do we die? For all the 
images/000028859.jpg	e very stony. He could not tolerate the pain as h
images/000028860.jpg	of the monkeys said, “I wish we could find s
images/000028861.jpg	the answers, stick your thumb to the star
images/000028862.jpg	ple who used to walk along those roads as it w
images/000028863.jpg	e happily lived under the rule of a king. T
images/000028864.jpg	donkey fell into the river and wasted all the ba
images/000028865.jpg	heir problems with each other actively, sin
images/000028866.jpg	ng to its branches. One of the monkeys said, “
images/000028867.jpg	 he again fell into the water. But instead of 
images/000028868.jpg	dults MostCountless factors may influence a 
images/000028869.jpg	there was no progress. It seemed that th
images/000028870.jpg	 her.“Emily is from the South and has n
images/000028871.jpg	ld his father about the same.  The fathe
images/000028872.jpg	y parents tell me that they don’t care how I do 
images/000028873.jpg	is friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the rev
images/000028874.jpg	and watch how the butterfly would come o
images/000028875.jpg	s a package. The hungry fox immediately 
images/000028876.jpg	ess. Unfortunately, all their attempts f
images/000028877.jpg	n almost every field of our life. Meanwh
images/000028878.jpg	physical abuse! Use words for good. Use 
images/000028879.jpg	 a soccer club,because I like playing soccer.
images/000028880.jpg	ith friends one can get into the society and bec
images/000028881.jpg	 hammered on people. You can remove the nails bu
images/000028882.jpg	ithout any more struggles. He continued to watch
images/000028883.jpg	soccer.During the summer holiday, I want to 
images/000028884.jpg	no matter how hard he tried, he could no
images/000028885.jpg	spitable. The family gathers together to cele
images/000028886.jpg	nything new. Their voices are not taken into acc
images/000028887.jpg	, people happily lived under the rule of a
images/000028888.jpg	 wish we could find some fire. It will help us
images/000028889.jpg	 Unfortunately, even after continuous atte
images/000028890.jpg	friend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a c
images/000028891.jpg	g a snowman when Fritz appeared with his lit
images/000028892.jpg	en body with small and withered wings.The man 
images/000028893.jpg	he monkeys did not listen to the sparrow. They c
images/000028894.jpg	oad with leather? Rather, you can just have 
images/000028895.jpg	 Why are we born? Why do we die? For all th
images/000028896.jpg	rly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, who
images/000028897.jpg	al abuse! Use words for good. Use them to embrace
images/000028898.jpg	the human children to have much time left for
images/000028899.jpg	s, including the children. Chinese families 
images/000028900.jpg	 The boy used to get angry very soon and 
images/000028901.jpg	h, tricky donkey again set on its way. On reachin
images/000028902.jpg	y were doing. The sparrow laughed. She said,
images/000028903.jpg	hink so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him
images/000028904.jpg	uter has brought a lot of benefits to us. It ma
images/000028905.jpg	olidays.What will you do on Summer Holid
images/000028906.jpg	rd he tried, he could not get out of the h
images/000028907.jpg	h will be. Nothing in the world is difficult f
images/000028908.jpg	ld have emerged like any other beautiful
images/000028909.jpg	led around with withered wings and huge body. 
images/000028910.jpg	, you cannot pull out a few nails. The fenc
images/000028911.jpg	tmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t b
images/000028912.jpg	t to do. For exampie,first I will jion a so
images/000028913.jpg	 to our fellows. Occasional examples of human g
images/000028914.jpg	know that a beautiful and colourful butter
images/000028915.jpg	e we born? Why do we die? For all the answers, st
images/000028916.jpg	ide the hole was a package. The hungry f
images/000028917.jpg	love for butterflies decided to help the butter
images/000028918.jpg	can drop in on friends and relatives without
images/000028919.jpg	r many years. I guess he is too busy visiti
images/000028920.jpg	nce. However, there remained a few nails that
images/000028921.jpg	hat their king was so kind with a good h
images/000028922.jpg	sit over and watch how the butterfly woul
images/000028923.jpg	children and keep the lines of communication
images/000028924.jpg	truggles. He continued to watch the butterfly a
images/000028925.jpg	come out through the tiny opening. Unfort
images/000028926.jpg	Right Time". The soldier extended a helping h
images/000028927.jpg	nce. Again, you cannot pull out a few nails. T
images/000028928.jpg	lk to English-speakers, attend seminars, wr
images/000028929.jpg	 little boy were very depressed due to his bad
images/000028930.jpg	happy. He jumped into the hole and when he op
images/000028931.jpg	d he was very much worried about the people 
images/000028932.jpg	me out of the cocoon without any more st
images/000028933.jpg	ut the people who used to walk along those roads 
images/000028934.jpg	y is from the South and has never seen sn
images/000028935.jpg	d that the bags of salt loaded on his back becam
images/000028936.jpg	o.A wise man from the ministry came to th
images/000028937.jpg	f the nails from the fence. However, there remai
images/000028938.jpg	 McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arth
images/000028939.jpg	ss factors may influence a person's growth. Ther
images/000028940.jpg	he things that young generation is keen on are d
images/000028941.jpg	y is coming.I am going to do many things
images/000028942.jpg	 die? For all the answers, stick your thu
images/000028943.jpg	old and silent night. The weather was freezing. 
images/000028944.jpg	neration is too conservative to accept any
images/000028945.jpg	He ordered for a pair of leather shoes for him
images/000028946.jpg	ether you admit it or not. When it comes
images/000028947.jpg	e fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty and 
images/000028948.jpg	ual medical treatment.In the civilized 
images/000028949.jpg	s one can get into the society and become s
images/000028950.jpg	ngry very soon and taunt others with his w
images/000028951.jpg	ood in it, and he became very happy. He ju
images/000028952.jpg	onvert into wings. Thus, the body would 
images/000028953.jpg	t!After several weeks, he returned to t
images/000028954.jpg	fox immediately thought that there might 
images/000028955.jpg	 be in favor of their children's hairstyle
images/000028956.jpg	ry depressed due to his bad temper. The boy us
images/000028957.jpg	 began a journey through space aided by a galaxyf
images/000028958.jpg	in anger, his friends and neighbours avoid
images/000028959.jpg	 Parents are children's first teachers, so 
images/000028960.jpg	onkey again set on its way. On reaching the r
images/000028961.jpg	hing the merchant could do, except return h
images/000028962.jpg	ing very hard for hours to come out through th
images/000028963.jpg	d his donkey with bags of salt to go to the
images/000028964.jpg	ot find food. Finally he went to the edge o
images/000028965.jpg	th help children to understand the world as 
images/000028966.jpg	 was two days before Christmas. Harry, Co
images/000028967.jpg	 king thought that he had to change this for the 
images/000028968.jpg	ives us insights into other cultures and keeps
images/000028969.jpg	indness. Unfortunately, all their attempts
images/000028970.jpg	 Each member of the family contributes t
images/000028971.jpg	ys before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Mo
images/000028972.jpg	rge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed
images/000028973.jpg	n English will be. Nothing in the world is diff
images/000028974.jpg	 surprised by his suggestionand applauded t
images/000028975.jpg	ly, the donkey slipped and fell into the rive
images/000028976.jpg	computers are now widely applied in almost eve
images/000028977.jpg	why generation gap comes into being. Some think t
images/000028978.jpg	bsessed with the disappearance of all the 
images/000028979.jpg	o each other's outlooks on the world, the gap 
images/000028980.jpg	more than 10 hours with the cocoon and the b
images/000028981.jpg	 caught a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf an
images/000028982.jpg	orried about the people who used to walk alon
images/000028983.jpg	e was the only son for them. The parents of 
images/000028984.jpg	n Summer Holiday?When I do well in the ex
images/000028985.jpg	oes. FoolsIt was a cold and silent night. The 
images/000028986.jpg	s is the family in which he will grow up. Par
images/000028987.jpg	 butterfly to come out of its cocoon would let t
images/000028988.jpg	le pain in his feet as it was his first trip b
images/000028989.jpg	he whole idea. Let’s go home now before you catc
images/000028990.jpg	 we treat our fellows with respect and toleran
images/000028991.jpg	them strength and courage. They both help childre
images/000028992.jpg	nd it would cost a huge amount of money a
images/000028993.jpg	 both of them. Most of the things that young gen
images/000028994.jpg	m to hammer in the fence for 30 times on the f
images/000028995.jpg	ome again but re-loaded his donkey with bags of s
images/000028996.jpg	ut of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the 
images/000028997.jpg	es.The foolish, tricky donkey again set on its
images/000028998.jpg	he holes in the fence. Again, you cannot pul
images/000028999.jpg	n goodness can remind us of the meaning of humani
images/000029000.jpg	em to embrace the relationships. Use the
images/000029001.jpg	 live with their parents even after they get marr
images/000029002.jpg	ou know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much f
images/000029003.jpg	aping children's character. As parents, they sho
images/000029004.jpg	 Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he ha
images/000029005.jpg	rdered for a pair of leather shoes for h
images/000029006.jpg	 decided to go on a travel to visit places
images/000029007.jpg	friends and neighbours avoided him.His mother a
images/000029008.jpg	 affect a person's growth. One is family,
images/000029009.jpg	arrow. They continued to blow at our poor firefly
images/000029010.jpg	ons gathering around the television in th
images/000029011.jpg	trip by foot to longer distance. He complai
images/000029012.jpg	hought a little before jumping into the hole
images/000029013.jpg	 became very happy. He jumped into the hole a
images/000029014.jpg	need it to read English textbooks or jonrn
images/000029015.jpg	researcher for the revised edition of The H
images/000029016.jpg	n a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, a
images/000029017.jpg	people can afford their own personal com
images/000029018.jpg	he problem. As long as both sides keep their
images/000029019.jpg	eir minds open to each other's outlooks on th
images/000029020.jpg	s a wonderful machine. Today it is used a g
images/000029021.jpg	ts failed. Finally, the boy’s father came up w
images/000029022.jpg	nglish and they need it for different purposes. 
images/000029023.jpg	 trunk and drink some water from a nearb
images/000029024.jpg	eave the trunk and drink some water from a near
images/000029025.jpg	armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch pre
images/000029026.jpg	ng children's character. As parents, they shou
images/000029027.jpg	the wound will remain there forever. Your bad tem
images/000029028.jpg	move the nails every day as he had controlle
images/000029029.jpg	 it to read English textbooks or jonrnal
images/000029030.jpg	peal to different generations. Those who grow u
images/000029031.jpg	nications with them open, at the same time
images/000029032.jpg	 a lot of time around butterflies. He knew how
images/000029033.jpg	e caught a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf 
images/000029034.jpg	 the cocoon without any more struggles. He conti
images/000029035.jpg	mper. The little boy found it hilarious and acc
images/000029036.jpg	lly, the boy’s father came up with an idea.
images/000029037.jpg	 quality for successful English learning is p
images/000029038.jpg	r and noticed that the bags of salt loaded on 
images/000029039.jpg	 and hammered a nail. In the next few days,
images/000029040.jpg	on. He loved butterflies and had a craze for its 
images/000029041.jpg	fferent opinions on the reasons why generation
images/000029042.jpg	. After the fox had finished eating, he felt thir
images/000029043.jpg	ren's character. As parents, they should 
images/000029044.jpg	d is always friendly, welcoming, and generous to 
images/000029045.jpg	Now they realized what the sparrow had said wa
images/000029046.jpg	 without any struggle!Unfortunately, th
images/000029047.jpg	Parents may not be in favor of their chil
images/000029048.jpg	controlled his anger. Several days passed and t
images/000029049.jpg	tion, only going through the struggles the butter
images/000029050.jpg	sked.Short Stories - Christmas Surprise_P
images/000029051.jpg	r. He ordered for a pair of leather shoes for
images/000029052.jpg	ere forever. Your bad temper and anger were
images/000029053.jpg	the forest for many years. I guess he is too
images/000029054.jpg	s have been proud of.People have different
images/000029055.jpg	eanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost and th
images/000029056.jpg	rful combination of colours. In fact, he used to
images/000029057.jpg	market competition, the price has been marked d
images/000029058.jpg	n the event of a life-threatening emergency,
images/000029059.jpg	r several weeks, he returned to the palace. H
images/000029060.jpg	ess. It seemed that the butterfly tried its best 
images/000029061.jpg	duties, including the children. Chinese f
images/000029062.jpg	world as it is, so they are the dearest pa
images/000029063.jpg	plained, “brings presents and toys to human child
images/000029064.jpg	tand their children and keep the lines of 
images/000029065.jpg	herefore, I want to help her in the holidays.Wh
images/000029066.jpg	 our fellows with respect and tolerance,
images/000029067.jpg	en's character. As parents, they should le
images/000029068.jpg	walk along those roads as it would be painful f
images/000029069.jpg	or jonrnals and attend English lectures, wh
images/000029070.jpg	 that their king was so kind with a good 
images/000029071.jpg	 out of its cocoon would let the fluid s
images/000029072.jpg	ine. Today it is used a great deal. There
images/000029073.jpg	. He was the only son for them. The parents of th
images/000029074.jpg	opening. It meant that the butterfly was tryi
images/000029075.jpg	em. People of distant places were so happy to hav
images/000029076.jpg	r enlarged nor the swollen body reduced.
images/000029077.jpg	ful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebro
images/000029078.jpg	t of the cocoon without any more struggles
images/000029079.jpg	Their voices are not taken into account. These 
images/000029080.jpg	can remove the nails but still see the holes in
images/000029081.jpg	ne day, my parents tell me that they don’t
images/000029082.jpg	y of leather and it would cost a huge amoun
images/000029083.jpg	were the example of humanistic behavior. In the
images/000029084.jpg	uess he is too busy visiting all the huma
images/000029085.jpg	n a soccer club,because I like playing soc
images/000029086.jpg	ld woodcutter had placed the food in the tr
images/000029087.jpg	Almost all the students need English and th
images/000029088.jpg	ay to enjoy its world. He decided to sit over and
images/000029089.jpg	Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zapho
images/000029090.jpg	 have put so much pressure on myself. One day
images/000029091.jpg	ther you admit it or not. When it comes to the
images/000029092.jpg	pull out.The boy told his father about the 
images/000029093.jpg	d upset. He told himself, “I wish that I 
images/000029094.jpg	time he became angry and to lose his tem
images/000029095.jpg	uide to the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen y
images/000029096.jpg	”. The monkeys did not listen to the sparrow. 
images/000029097.jpg	aduate student obsessed with the disappeara
images/000029098.jpg	ago, people happily lived under the rule of a k
images/000029099.jpg	 had not walked far when they reached a ri
images/000029100.jpg	 He was the only son for them. The parents 
images/000029101.jpg	ess. Unfortunately, all their attempts faile
images/000029102.jpg	rder to cover the road of the whole country wi
images/000029103.jpg	s thought it was fire.He caught a firefly. He pu
images/000029104.jpg	as he walked all the way through the rough pat
images/000029105.jpg	g to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on
images/000029106.jpg	he evening.The Importance of HumanismHuman
images/000029107.jpg	s bad temper. The boy used to get angry ver
images/000029108.jpg	 group of monkeys were on a tree. They were
images/000029109.jpg	 distance. He complained to his ministers that t
images/000029110.jpg	 that different things appeal to different gen
images/000029111.jpg	ng comprehension, one should get access t
images/000029112.jpg	nd wasted all the bags of salt on its back
images/000029113.jpg	iving, friends make another important part in sh
images/000029114.jpg	lternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why d
images/000029115.jpg	ere were a lot of food, bread, meat and fr
images/000029116.jpg	made him fall for angry words. He scolded kids, 
images/000029117.jpg	e was very much worried about the people who 
images/000029118.jpg	r gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked his so
images/000029119.jpg	with their parents even after they get marri
images/000029120.jpg	has led to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it
images/000029121.jpg	the fox had eaten so much food that he becam
images/000029122.jpg	king for something to eat. He was very hungry. No
images/000029123.jpg	ed when making some embarrassing mistakes.
images/000029124.jpg	d in the body convert into wings. Thus, the bod
images/000029125.jpg	he is too busy visiting all the human childre
images/000029126.jpg	l in the exam, I will show my paper to my parent
images/000029127.jpg	rfly to come out of its cocoon would let the flui
images/000029128.jpg	e decline of cost and the fierce market competi
images/000029129.jpg	a cold and silent night. The weather was
images/000029130.jpg	they must keep in mind that different things
images/000029131.jpg	n happy families tend to have many pleasant c
images/000029132.jpg	emained a few nails that the boy could not pu
images/000029133.jpg	h other's outlooks on the world, the gap 
images/000029134.jpg	e in the maintenance of our society. Humanism
images/000029135.jpg	ap exists in our daily life, whether you admit 
images/000029136.jpg	growth. There are two apparent factors whi
images/000029137.jpg	e same tree. She noticed what they were doing. Th
images/000029138.jpg	long those roads as it would be painful for
images/000029139.jpg	eing. Some think that maybe the old genera
images/000029140.jpg	orn, the first surroundings is the family in w
images/000029141.jpg	e number climbs more than ten times up, indi
images/000029142.jpg	ut instead of the load becoming lighter, 
images/000029143.jpg	ses. Some students need it to read English t
images/000029144.jpg	n from the ministry came to the king and said 
images/000029145.jpg	ived under the rule of a king. The people of th
images/000029146.jpg	ogress. It seemed that the butterfly tri
images/000029147.jpg	s they reached the slippery riverbank, now deli
images/000029148.jpg	 as he walked all the way through the roug
images/000029149.jpg	k all of you should take shelter in a cave”. Th
images/000029150.jpg	He invited all worries for his parents thr
images/000029151.jpg	its world. He decided to sit over and watch how
images/000029152.jpg	alf. The little boy found it very difficul
images/000029153.jpg	ile he forgot what he spoke in anger, his fri
images/000029154.jpg	ived under the rule of a king. The people of
images/000029155.jpg	of nails hammered to the fence was reduc
images/000029156.jpg	 and fell into the river and noticed that the b
images/000029157.jpg	istry came to the king and said that he had ano
images/000029158.jpg	conservative to accept anything new. Their vo
images/000029159.jpg	ry words. He scolded kids, neighbours and e
images/000029160.jpg	tely, neither the wings expanded or enlarged no
images/000029161.jpg	 and the day arrived when no nail was ha
images/000029162.jpg	 who had a passion and love for butterfl
images/000029163.jpg	e edge of the forest and searched there for fo
images/000029164.jpg	s much time, commitment and discipline to 
images/000029165.jpg	ant to stay with her for several days.Last I w
images/000029166.jpg	ly out-to-lunch president of the galaxy; Tr
images/000029167.jpg	mother do some housework. She was really tire
images/000029168.jpg	und this part of the forest for many years
images/000029169.jpg	 a huge bag of nails. He asked his son to hammer 
images/000029170.jpg	 generations should be responsible for solving
images/000029171.jpg	 has brought a lot of benefits to us. It makes us
images/000029172.jpg	ered wings and huge body. It was never able 
images/000029173.jpg	rket competition, the price has been marked d
images/000029174.jpg	oming, and generous to visitors who can drop i
images/000029175.jpg	 develop kindness. Unfortunately, all their at
images/000029176.jpg	ng to make its way to enjoy its world. He
images/000029177.jpg	ven though you find others speaking English bette
images/000029178.jpg	x immediately thought that there might be
images/000029179.jpg	ort the body.  Unfortunately, neither the wing
images/000029180.jpg	ad finished eating, he felt thirsty and dec
images/000029181.jpg	n remove the nails but still see the holes in 
images/000029182.jpg	on would let the fluid stored in the body conver
images/000029183.jpg	 got a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to
images/000029184.jpg	ifferent ideas disturb both of them. Most of the 
images/000029185.jpg	the society, computers are now widely applied in 
images/000029186.jpg	ted even though you find others speaking 
images/000029187.jpg	se roads as it would be painful for them too
images/000029188.jpg	 he is too busy visiting all the human child
images/000029189.jpg	 Some students need it to read English textboo
images/000029190.jpg	 think that maybe the old generation is 
images/000029191.jpg	ions with them open, at the same time they m
images/000029192.jpg	at was looking for something to eat. He was
images/000029193.jpg	wo apparent factors which affect a person's
images/000029194.jpg	hildren to understand the world as it is, so th
images/000029195.jpg	nt ideas disturb both of them. Most of the thi
images/000029196.jpg	er. Several days passed and the boy was ab
images/000029197.jpg	arched there for food. Suddenly he caught sight o
images/000029198.jpg	o that people might feel comfortable, immed
images/000029199.jpg	ately, neither the wings expanded or enlarged n
images/000029200.jpg	 a person's growth. One is family, and the other
images/000029201.jpg	told us. “She doesn’t know much about ou
images/000029202.jpg	keys that is a firefly, not real fire”.Th
images/000029203.jpg	y once upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoi
images/000029204.jpg	stroy the life of thousands of cows to get the s
images/000029205.jpg	 guess he is too busy visiting all the human c
images/000029206.jpg	 was his alternative idea. The minister told, ‘
images/000029207.jpg	pressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former 
images/000029208.jpg	s way. On reaching the river he again fell
images/000029209.jpg	grow up. Parents are children's first teache
images/000029210.jpg	s tend to socialize together, with several 
images/000029211.jpg	em. People of distant places were so happy t
images/000029212.jpg	e of the monkeys said, “I wish we could 
images/000029213.jpg	s are proud of their harmony and unity. 
images/000029214.jpg	hose who grow up in happy families tend to have 
images/000029215.jpg	sh-speakers, attend seminars, write letters, e
images/000029216.jpg	f we say that families offer the environmen
images/000029217.jpg	ammered on people. You can remove the nai
images/000029218.jpg	to come out through the tiny opening. Un
images/000029219.jpg	t I have put so much pressure on myself. One da
images/000029220.jpg	e butterfly would have emerged like any oth
images/000029221.jpg	us to visitors who can drop in on friends and r
images/000029222.jpg	 of salt. As they reached the slippery riverban
images/000029223.jpg	ss. Unfortunately, all their attempts fai
images/000029224.jpg	. He ordered for a pair of leather shoes for him 
images/000029225.jpg	 on the same tree. She noticed what they wer
images/000029226.jpg	is words. His bad temper made him fall for a
images/000029227.jpg	e fence was reduced to half. The little boy fou
images/000029228.jpg	day arrived when no nail was hammered! Ye
images/000029229.jpg	keyShort Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne
images/000029230.jpg	this phenomenon? As far as I know, it involves
images/000029231.jpg	or one who sets his mind on it.Views on Generat
images/000029232.jpg	thers together to celebrate holidays and ente
images/000029233.jpg	d.Unfortunately, the butterfly just crawle
images/000029234.jpg	 mistakes.In short, the most essential quality f
images/000029235.jpg	chant and his donkey were walking along t
images/000029236.jpg	egan to eat. After the fox had finished 
images/000029237.jpg	 world, the gap between them will be narrowed d
images/000029238.jpg	e his temper!Now, his father told him to rem
images/000029239.jpg	orning, a merchant loaded his donkey with ba
images/000029240.jpg	onically depressed robot; and Veet Vooja
images/000029241.jpg	he boy, “The nails were your bad temper a
images/000029242.jpg	mfortable and were very stony. He could not to
images/000029243.jpg	 in the cold air.“Santa Claus,” I explain
images/000029244.jpg	th. Parents may not be in favor of their childre
images/000029245.jpg	 of salt. As they reached the slippery riverb
images/000029246.jpg	me do well in the exam. I want to be happ
images/000029247.jpg	es. He knew how a butterfly would struggle to
images/000029248.jpg	egan a journey through space aided by a gala
images/000029249.jpg	e caught sight of a big tree with a hole in it.
images/000029250.jpg	ve emerged like any other beautiful butt
images/000029251.jpg	e happily lived under the rule of a king. T
images/000029252.jpg	ging to its branches. One of the monkeys
images/000029253.jpg	er holiday is coming.I am going to do many thi
images/000029254.jpg	etween children and the society, so by con
images/000029255.jpg	tely, the donkey slipped and fell into the r
images/000029256.jpg	ed, the fox could not find food. Finally he wen
images/000029257.jpg	axy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), 
images/000029258.jpg	d English textbooks or jonrnals and attend Eng
images/000029259.jpg	e king decided to go on a travel to visit 
images/000029260.jpg	 gathers together to celebrate holidays and enter
images/000029261.jpg	ind others speaking English better than you. Par
images/000029262.jpg	 the cocoon and the butterfly. The butte
images/000029263.jpg	d let the fluid stored in the body convert in
images/000029264.jpg	ng to make its way to enjoy its world. He d
images/000029265.jpg	ltures and keeps our minds open to bette
images/000029266.jpg	betterment and happiness of the people.His min
images/000029267.jpg	rink some water from a nearby spring. Howev
images/000029268.jpg	aus is only for human children,” Fritz said 
images/000029269.jpg	time they must keep in mind that differen
images/000029270.jpg	reached the slippery riverbank, now deliberately,
images/000029271.jpg	and keeps our minds open to better ways of
images/000029272.jpg	es in the forest. He was going to eat it 
images/000029273.jpg	 he had to change this for the bettermen
images/000029274.jpg	e hospitable. The family gathers together
images/000029275.jpg	d the world as it is, so they are the dearest par
images/000029276.jpg	e fox had eaten so much food that he became too 
images/000029277.jpg	 they should learn to understand their c
images/000029278.jpg	oodness can remind us of the meaning of huma
images/000029279.jpg	 son for them. The parents of the little 
images/000029280.jpg	ccompany them. People of distant places were so h
images/000029281.jpg	days that he did not hammer any nail and h
images/000029282.jpg	will help my mother do some housework. Sh
images/000029283.jpg	d their children and keep the lines of commu
images/000029284.jpg	 ability of English reading comprehension, one 
images/000029285.jpg	ndergo any struggle, we won’t be able to fly!
images/000029286.jpg	lly tired when I was go to school. Except fo
images/000029287.jpg	heavier.Cocoon and the ButterflyMany of us k
images/000029288.jpg	sappearance of all the ballpoint pens he's boug
images/000029289.jpg	 opened the package, he saw there were a l
images/000029290.jpg	rs may influence a person's growth. There are tw
images/000029291.jpg	ng asked - what was his alternative idea. T
images/000029292.jpg	o progress. It seemed that the butterfly tried 
images/000029293.jpg	alk over their problems with each other ac
images/000029294.jpg	 the body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings
images/000029295.jpg	d around with withered wings and huge body. 
images/000029296.jpg	ith them open, at the same time they must
images/000029297.jpg	 continuous effort from the butterfly to com
images/000029298.jpg	archer for the revised edition of The Hi
images/000029299.jpg	e, ‘What do you see there?’The boy replie
images/000029300.jpg	sed with the disappearance of all the ballpoint p
images/000029301.jpg	ranches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we c
images/000029302.jpg	 people and accompany them. People of distant 
images/000029303.jpg	he example of humanistic behavior. In th
images/000029304.jpg	more to improve my skills.Second I will go to
images/000029305.jpg	Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she a
images/000029306.jpg	ies to succeed in English learning. It requ
images/000029307.jpg	ildren's character. As parents, they should l
images/000029308.jpg	ading materials, which can also help accu
images/000029309.jpg	ood in it, and he became very happy. He jumpe
images/000029310.jpg	e_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been ar
images/000029311.jpg	scipline to learn English well. In order 
images/000029312.jpg	, it gives us insights into other culture
images/000029313.jpg	tic behavior. In the event of a life-threat
images/000029314.jpg	y arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet, the 
images/000029315.jpg	ind others speaking English better than you. Part
images/000029316.jpg	r said.The nails drove him to hammer in the f
images/000029317.jpg	 and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel embar
images/000029318.jpg	for butterflies decided to help the butte
images/000029319.jpg	born, the first surroundings is the famil
images/000029320.jpg	 society, computers are now widely applied in a
images/000029321.jpg	as no progress. It seemed that the butterfly t
images/000029322.jpg	 minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy
images/000029323.jpg	lar into a beautiful one.He saw a cocoon 
images/000029324.jpg	 temper, he ran to the fence and hammered a nail
images/000029325.jpg	 butterfly would come out of the cocoon. He wa
images/000029326.jpg	w deliberately, the donkey fell into the riv
images/000029327.jpg	ly just crawled around with withered wings a
images/000029328.jpg	st. He was going to eat it for his lunch.T
images/000029329.jpg	He decided to sit over and watch how the but
images/000029330.jpg	that families offer the environment of l
images/000029331.jpg	ortunately, all their attempts failed. Fina
images/000029332.jpg	of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the tw
images/000029333.jpg	al. There is a drastic increase of the hour
images/000029334.jpg	 keep in mind that different things appeal to d
images/000029335.jpg	ss. It seemed that the butterfly tried its b
images/000029336.jpg	plucked off the planet by his friend Ford Prefect
images/000029337.jpg	ber of nails hammered to the fence was reduc
images/000029338.jpg	ody reduced.Unfortunately, the butterfly just 
images/000029339.jpg	 the butterfly just crawled around with withere
images/000029340.jpg	 to the king and said that he had another idea
images/000029341.jpg	 beautiful butterflies! The continuous effort fr
images/000029342.jpg	nt factors which affect a person's growth. One is
images/000029343.jpg	 it to talk to English-speakers, attend sem
images/000029344.jpg	tions were the example of humanistic behavior. I
images/000029345.jpg	 it involves several reasons. With the rapid pr
images/000029346.jpg	he fox had eaten so much food that he became too 
images/000029347.jpg	is father gave him a huge bag of nails. He 
images/000029348.jpg	e for solving the problem. As long as both side
images/000029349.jpg	y years. I guess he is too busy visiting all the
images/000029350.jpg	ter ways of seeing things. Computers larg
images/000029351.jpg	style and weird clothes. Young people either 
images/000029352.jpg	 You can remove the nails but still see the holes
images/000029353.jpg	rlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a
images/000029354.jpg	ecause I miss her very much.I want to stay w
images/000029355.jpg	can remind us of the meaning of humanism. If we 
images/000029356.jpg	ly, the donkey fell into the river and wasted
images/000029357.jpg	y, the donkey fell into the river and wasted al
images/000029358.jpg	aracter. As parents, they should learn t
images/000029359.jpg	py. He jumped into the hole and when he opened t
images/000029360.jpg	l help my mother do some housework. She was
images/000029361.jpg	ind some fire. It will help us to keep warm”.Sud
images/000029362.jpg	boy were very depressed due to his bad tem
images/000029363.jpg	s. It seemed that the butterfly tried its be
images/000029364.jpg	re very stony. He could not tolerate the 
images/000029365.jpg	untless factors may influence a person's growt
images/000029366.jpg	ugh path.He said he was very much worrie
images/000029367.jpg	 actual medical treatment.In the civilized worl
images/000029368.jpg	m. I want to be happy all the time. But I 
images/000029369.jpg	 quantity of leather and it would cost a huge am
images/000029370.jpg	to the river and wasted all the bags of s
images/000029371.jpg	r harmony and unity. Each member of the fami
images/000029372.jpg	o break the shell for several hours. He spent a
images/000029373.jpg	perseverance in face of hardship. Don't 
images/000029374.jpg	y, the butterfly just crawled around with
images/000029375.jpg	easant characters. If we say that families o
images/000029376.jpg	puter is a wonderful machine. Today it is used a
images/000029377.jpg	ad temper and they were hammered on people. You 
images/000029378.jpg	o account. These different ideas disturb both of
images/000029379.jpg	 were busy building a snowman when Fritz appe
images/000029380.jpg	with the cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly 
images/000029381.jpg	thought a little before jumping into the hole.”
images/000029382.jpg	inful for them too!He made an order to co
images/000029383.jpg	the holidays.What will you do on Summer Holiday?
images/000029384.jpg	sitors who can drop in on friends and rel
images/000029385.jpg	y foot to longer distance. He complained to his
images/000029386.jpg	 about 19 hours. The number climbs more than t
images/000029387.jpg	 us of the meaning of humanism. If we treat our f
images/000029388.jpg	ile friends give them strength and courage.
images/000029389.jpg	ost every field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks
images/000029390.jpg	alk over their problems with each other ac
images/000029391.jpg	ence a person's growth. There are two ap
images/000029392.jpg	s tend to socialize together, with several genera
images/000029393.jpg	you admit it or not. When it comes to the problem
images/000029394.jpg	o improve the ability of English reading compreh
images/000029395.jpg	.Unfortunately, the butterfly just crawle
images/000029396.jpg	ty and decided to leave the trunk and drin
images/000029397.jpg	Therefore, I want to help her in the holidays
images/000029398.jpg	 tend to socialize together, with severa
images/000029399.jpg	s, they are so happy to see me do well in 
images/000029400.jpg	ore than ten times up, indicating comput
images/000029401.jpg	nk so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him,
images/000029402.jpg	avior. In the event of a life-threatening eme
images/000029403.jpg	y fox that was looking for something to 
images/000029404.jpg	r the betterment and happiness of the people.H
images/000029405.jpg	ords are more painful than physical abus
images/000029406.jpg	 road of the whole country with leather so t
images/000029407.jpg	ather cut in appropriate shape to cover you
images/000029408.jpg	 exists in our daily life, whether you admit it 
images/000029409.jpg	s. Unfortunately, all their attempts failed. 
images/000029410.jpg	od. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree w
images/000029411.jpg	. I want to be happy all the time. But I
images/000029412.jpg	onservative to accept anything new. Thei
images/000029413.jpg	gly caterpillar into a beautiful one.He saw
images/000029414.jpg	ke any other beautiful butterflies! The conti
images/000029415.jpg	 apparent factors which affect a person's growth
images/000029416.jpg	em open, at the same time they must keep in
images/000029417.jpg	rn English well. In order to improve the ab
images/000029418.jpg	xt few days, the number of nails hammered
images/000029419.jpg	 cannot pull out a few nails. The fence never
images/000029420.jpg	 searched there for food. Suddenly he caught sigh
images/000029421.jpg	he cut down trees in the forest. He was going to 
images/000029422.jpg	en to the sparrow. They continued to blow at o
images/000029423.jpg	th. Parents may not be in favor of their chil
images/000029424.jpg	 Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he 
images/000029425.jpg	 to longer distance. He complained to his minis
images/000029426.jpg	Importance of HumanismHumanism is a system of be
images/000029427.jpg	s. His bad temper made him fall for angry wo
images/000029428.jpg	urther more, it gives us insights into other 
images/000029429.jpg	n with a knife, but the wound will remain 
images/000029430.jpg	lot of benefits to us. It makes us do things m
images/000029431.jpg	n reaching the river he again fell into 
images/000029432.jpg	The weather was freezing. A group of monkey
images/000029433.jpg	 of human goodness can remind us of the meaning 
images/000029434.jpg	th his little niece Emily and introduced 
images/000029435.jpg	n English will be. Nothing in the world is 
images/000029436.jpg	he cut down trees in the forest. He was going 
images/000029437.jpg	 very difficult to hammer the nails and 
images/000029438.jpg	human goodness can remind us of the meaning o
images/000029439.jpg	 out of its cocoon would let the fluid stored in 
images/000029440.jpg	des keep their minds open to each other'
images/000029441.jpg	 much pressure on myself. One day, my paren
images/000029442.jpg	ful spring morning, a merchant loaded his donke
images/000029443.jpg	ager to watch the butterfly fly with its bea
images/000029444.jpg	t he had to change this for the betterment 
images/000029445.jpg	was very much surprised by his suggestionand app
images/000029446.jpg	k. He then returned home again but re-loaded his 
images/000029447.jpg	st of the things that young generation is ke
images/000029448.jpg	ot real fire”.The sparrow continued: “I th
images/000029449.jpg	with tiny opening. It meant that the butterfly 
images/000029450.jpg	orm from an ugly caterpillar into a beautiful on
images/000029451.jpg	ate shape to cover your feet?’The king was
images/000029452.jpg	hammered on people. You can remove the nails bu
images/000029453.jpg	l cow to cover the road with leather? Rathe
images/000029454.jpg	a small village, a little boy lived with his f
images/000029455.jpg	were very stony. He could not tolerate t
images/000029456.jpg	you can just have a piece of leather cut in appr
images/000029457.jpg	gathering around the television in the evening
images/000029458.jpg	s. It seemed that the butterfly tried its best a
images/000029459.jpg	 also didn’t know much about Christmas.”Wh
images/000029460.jpg	tail party once upon a time zone; Marvin, a paran
images/000029461.jpg	nger, his friends and neighbours avoided 
images/000029462.jpg	progress. It seemed that the butterfly tried its
images/000029463.jpg	inging to its branches. One of the monke
images/000029464.jpg	r of their children's hairstyle and weird clothe
images/000029465.jpg	d. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree 
images/000029466.jpg	onstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism is appa
images/000029467.jpg	arent factors which affect a person's gro
images/000029468.jpg	celebrate holidays and entertain friends. Th
images/000029469.jpg	t he had to change this for the bettermen
images/000029470.jpg	d all worries for his parents through the verb
images/000029471.jpg	efore Earth is demolished to make way for a ga
images/000029472.jpg	 the society, so by contacting with friends on
images/000029473.jpg	out the whole idea. Let’s go home now before yo
images/000029474.jpg	onges.The foolish, tricky donkey again set
images/000029475.jpg	en making some embarrassing mistakes.In 
images/000029476.jpg	s all over! You can stab a man with a knife, bu
images/000029477.jpg	 upset. He told himself, “I wish that I had th
images/000029478.jpg	cluding the children. Chinese families ten
images/000029479.jpg	y; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod
images/000029480.jpg	hours. The number climbs more than ten times 
images/000029481.jpg	er than you. Participate in all oral activities.
images/000029482.jpg	 hard for hours to come out through the ti
images/000029483.jpg	 number climbs more than ten times up, indi
images/000029484.jpg	ight. The weather was freezing. A group 
images/000029485.jpg	boy, “The nails were your bad temper and they 
images/000029486.jpg	re not cut from the same cloth. Parents may not b
images/000029487.jpg	tial quality for successful English learning is 
images/000029488.jpg	n 10 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly. T
images/000029489.jpg	. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, his 
images/000029490.jpg	nd had a craze for its wonderful combination of 
images/000029491.jpg	 ugly caterpillar into a beautiful one.He saw
images/000029492.jpg	raduate student obsessed with the disappea
images/000029493.jpg	l me that they don’t care how I do well 
images/000029494.jpg	munications with them open, at the same time t
images/000029495.jpg	ountry with leather so that people might fe
images/000029496.jpg	is bad temper made him fall for angry wor
images/000029497.jpg	Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shiveri
images/000029498.jpg	her was freezing. A group of monkeys were on a t
images/000029499.jpg	 myself.”“Neither have I,” Harry added, shaki
images/000029500.jpg	 this dynamic pair began a journey through space
images/000029501.jpg	spring. However, no matter how hard he tried, he
images/000029502.jpg	 of our society. Humanism calls for us to
images/000029503.jpg	, his father gave him a huge bag of nails. H
images/000029504.jpg	ather about the same.  The father appreciated 
images/000029505.jpg	nued: “I think all of you should take shelter
images/000029506.jpg	her very much.I want to stay with her for s
images/000029507.jpg	eople of the kingdom were very happy as they ha
images/000029508.jpg	about 19 hours. The number climbs more than ten t
images/000029509.jpg	d colourful butterfly comes from an unappea
images/000029510.jpg	o different generations. Those who grow up
images/000029511.jpg	g in the world is difficult for one who set
images/000029512.jpg	 families are proud of their harmony and unity. 
images/000029513.jpg	mper and anger were like that! Words are more 
images/000029514.jpg	y once upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, bri
images/000029515.jpg	 voices are not taken into account. These di
images/000029516.jpg	on, the price has been marked down over a
images/000029517.jpg	inuous effort from the butterfly to come out of 
images/000029518.jpg	ant to stay with her for several days.La
images/000029519.jpg	te the pain as he walked all the way through th
images/000029520.jpg	ain friends. The household is always friendly, 
images/000029521.jpg	chant could do, except return home where he
images/000029522.jpg	hat was looking for something to eat. He was ve
images/000029523.jpg	d no longer beautiful and had a swollen bod
images/000029524.jpg	”Change Yourself and not The WorldLong 
images/000029525.jpg	t most of the nails from the fence. However,
images/000029526.jpg	amily are respectively more than in other countri
images/000029527.jpg	fox that was looking for something to eat. 
images/000029528.jpg	nkey slipped and fell into the river and no
images/000029529.jpg	espect and tolerance, many things may turn ou
images/000029530.jpg	that focuses on common human needs and seek
images/000029531.jpg	t Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she 
images/000029532.jpg	ze together, with several generations gatherin
images/000029533.jpg	e like that! Words are more painful than
images/000029534.jpg	ve the nails every day as he had controlled hi
images/000029535.jpg	 edge of the forest and searched there for food.
images/000029536.jpg	ke shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not 
images/000029537.jpg	s to household duties, including the children
images/000029538.jpg	rrived when no nail was hammered! Yet, t
images/000029539.jpg	eet Voojagig, a former graduate student obse
images/000029540.jpg	Time". The soldier extended a helping hand to t
images/000029541.jpg	ands of cows to get the sufficient quantity 
images/000029542.jpg	leaf and started blowing at it.Some other mon
images/000029543.jpg	ds for good. Use them to embrace the relati
images/000029544.jpg	ost of the things that young generation is kee
images/000029545.jpg	d not lose his temper!Now, his father tol
images/000029546.jpg	d, “he hasn’t been around this part of the f
images/000029547.jpg	ummer holiday, I want to practice more to i
images/000029548.jpg	r made him fall for angry words. He scolded kid
images/000029549.jpg	ng for something to eat. He was very hungry.
images/000029550.jpg	Galaxy who, for the last fifteen years, has been 
images/000029551.jpg	he man, who had a passion and love for butterfli
images/000029552.jpg	s father told him to remove the nails ever
images/000029553.jpg	 together. They had not walked far when they rea
images/000029554.jpg	trol his temper.Gradually, the number of nai
images/000029555.jpg	had said was correct.They set free the firefl
images/000029556.jpg	d generation is too conservative to accep
images/000029557.jpg	 treatment.In the civilized world humanism pla
images/000029558.jpg	e that! Words are more painful than physical a
images/000029559.jpg	care and shelter, while friends give them stren
images/000029560.jpg	ole in shaping children's character. As 
images/000029561.jpg	e? For all the answers, stick your thumb 
images/000029562.jpg	 school. Except for taking care of me, she als
images/000029563.jpg	umanism plays an important role in the mai
images/000029564.jpg	xpanded or enlarged nor the swollen body red
images/000029565.jpg	n reaching the river he again fell into the wat
images/000029566.jpg	eral days.Last I will help my mother do so
images/000029567.jpg	y were doing. The sparrow laughed. She sa
images/000029568.jpg	e same.  The father appreciated him and a
images/000029569.jpg	 in a Chinese family are respectively mor
images/000029570.jpg	neration gap, people's ideas are not cut from th
images/000029571.jpg	 to get the sufficient quantity of leath
images/000029572.jpg	 boy used to get angry very soon and tau
images/000029573.jpg	 temper. The boy used to get angry very soon and 
images/000029574.jpg	xtbooks or jonrnals and attend English lectu
images/000029575.jpg	atch how the butterfly would come out of the coc
images/000029576.jpg	 practice more to improve my skills.Second I will
images/000029577.jpg	ails hammered to the fence was reduced and the d
images/000029578.jpg	gain but re-loaded his donkey with bags of s
images/000029579.jpg	l to visit places of historical importance a
images/000029580.jpg	ide the hole was a package. The hungry fox 
images/000029581.jpg	nger beautiful and had a swollen body with 
images/000029582.jpg	nk he will come if I write to him?” Emily as
images/000029583.jpg	wn over and over again so that many peopl
images/000029584.jpg	irefly. He put it under a dry leaf and started 
images/000029585.jpg	 on the first day! Every time he lost his tempe
images/000029586.jpg	a king. The people of the kingdom were v
images/000029587.jpg	ter they get married. So a household consist
images/000029588.jpg	 catch a cold.”Change Yourself and not 
images/000029589.jpg	ked all the way through the rough path.H
images/000029590.jpg	ho can drop in on friends and relatives with
images/000029591.jpg	tunately, even after continuous attempts 
images/000029592.jpg	e donkey fell into the river and wasted all the 
images/000029593.jpg	o see me do well in the exam. I want to be h
images/000029594.jpg	aper to my parents, they are so happy to see me 
images/000029595.jpg	ompetition, the price has been marked do
images/000029596.jpg	 a merchant loaded his donkey with bags 
images/000029597.jpg	dance of wealth and no misfortunes.The 
images/000029598.jpg	. After the fox had finished eating, he felt t
images/000029599.jpg	rged like any other beautiful butterflie
images/000029600.jpg	 fluid stored in the body convert into wings. 
images/000029601.jpg	elp my mother do some housework. She was really
images/000029602.jpg	ad with leather? Rather, you can just have
images/000029603.jpg	ll the human children to have much time 
images/000029604.jpg	ather shoes for him and requested the coun
images/000029605.jpg	lls.Second I will go to my grandma's house,becau
images/000029606.jpg	example of humanistic behavior. In the eve
images/000029607.jpg	 thought a little before jumping into the h
images/000029608.jpg	explained, “brings presents and toys to 
images/000029609.jpg	of generation gap, people's ideas are not cut f
images/000029610.jpg	ed, the fox could not find food. Finally he wen
images/000029611.jpg	 its nest. The monkeys were sitting on t
images/000029612.jpg	r spoken English will be. Nothing in the world is
images/000029613.jpg	he decline of cost and the fierce market competi
images/000029614.jpg	d enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel emb
images/000029615.jpg	y began to eat. After the fox had finished eatin
images/000029616.jpg	d some fire. It will help us to keep warm”
images/000029617.jpg	lving the problem. As long as both sides kee
images/000029618.jpg	e very happy as they had a very prosperous life 
images/000029619.jpg	s, the fox had eaten so much food that he bec
images/000029620.jpg	hether you admit it or not. When it comes to the
images/000029621.jpg	ful combination of colours. In fact, he used to
images/000029622.jpg	ppy families tend to have many pleasant c
images/000029623.jpg	 The boy used to get angry very soon and taun
images/000029624.jpg	art of the forest for many years. I guess he is
images/000029625.jpg	time, there was a hungry fox that was looking f
images/000029626.jpg	n problems.There are many examples that demons
images/000029627.jpg	ather consoled him in many ways to give up his 
images/000029628.jpg	l. In the next few days, the number of nail
images/000029629.jpg	 out of the cocoon. He was watching the butterfly
images/000029630.jpg	e families tend to socialize together, wit
images/000029631.jpg	ger beautiful and had a swollen body with s
images/000029632.jpg	up his anger and develop kindness. Unfortunately,
images/000029633.jpg	ll in the exam, I will show my paper to 
images/000029634.jpg	were proud that their king was so kind with
images/000029635.jpg	 me to be happy. I know I should relax myself 
images/000029636.jpg	tolerance, many things may turn out for the 
images/000029637.jpg	 Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree with
images/000029638.jpg	The fence never look the same! It has scars 
images/000029639.jpg	of monkeys were on a tree. They were clinging t
images/000029640.jpg	t was looking for something to eat. He was very
images/000029641.jpg	d not listen to the sparrow. They continued to bl
images/000029642.jpg	there were a lot of food, bread, meat and
images/000029643.jpg	y a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod 
images/000029644.jpg	 made an order to cover the road of the whol
images/000029645.jpg	ime. Both sides should talk over their problems 
images/000029646.jpg	 once upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, bri
images/000029647.jpg	keys were sitting on the same tree. She 
images/000029648.jpg	r as I know, it involves several reasons. Wit
images/000029649.jpg	y things that I want to do. For exampie,f
images/000029650.jpg	akers, attend seminars, write letters, etc.Stud
images/000029651.jpg	wings could support the body.  Unfortunately
images/000029652.jpg	prise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been a
images/000029653.jpg	ith her for several days.Last I will help m
images/000029654.jpg	by contacting with friends one can get into
images/000029655.jpg	ided to travel by foot to interact with 
images/000029656.jpg	 fluid stored in the body convert into wings. Th
images/000029657.jpg	amily are respectively more than in other
images/000029658.jpg	tely, the donkey fell into the river and waste
images/000029659.jpg	ove the nails every day as he had controlled 
images/000029660.jpg	 happy to see me do well in the exam. I want t
images/000029661.jpg	tend to have many pleasant characters. If we s
images/000029662.jpg	time, commitment and discipline to learn En
images/000029663.jpg	he father appreciated him and asked him poi
images/000029664.jpg	nce a person's growth. There are two appa
images/000029665.jpg	 for the butterfly and removed the remaining 
images/000029666.jpg	Santa Claus is only for human children,” Fritz 
images/000029667.jpg	 king asked - what was his alternative i
images/000029668.jpg	hrough space aided by a galaxyful of fellow tr
images/000029669.jpg	e. They were clinging to its branches. O
images/000029670.jpg	panded or enlarged nor the swollen body reduc
images/000029671.jpg	of humanism is apparent in the story of 
images/000029672.jpg	e the pain as he walked all the way through the 
images/000029673.jpg	! You can stab a man with a knife, but the wo
images/000029674.jpg	g a more and more important role in moder
images/000029675.jpg	 watch the butterfly fly with its beauti
images/000029676.jpg	more try.The man, who had a passion and 
images/000029677.jpg	Yet, the boy did not lose his temper. He to
images/000029678.jpg	y he caught sight of a big tree with a h
images/000029679.jpg	frankly.Who Influences Young Adults MostCountl
images/000029680.jpg	s offer the environment of living, friends make
images/000029681.jpg	makes the world a more beautiful place to li
images/000029682.jpg	erful machine. Today it is used a great 
images/000029683.jpg	 even after they get married. So a househ
images/000029684.jpg	happy to see me do well in the exam. I want to 
images/000029685.jpg	the most essential quality for successful Eng
images/000029686.jpg	oon would let the fluid stored in the body c
images/000029687.jpg	e world a more beautiful place to live in.
images/000029688.jpg	weather was freezing. A group of monkeys w
images/000029689.jpg	chronically depressed robot; and Veet Voojag
images/000029690.jpg	 along together. They had not walked far
images/000029691.jpg	of nails hammered to the fence was reduced 
images/000029692.jpg	lgrim centres and could see his fellow p
images/000029693.jpg	ake way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is p
images/000029694.jpg	ld see his fellow people leading a propitious l
images/000029695.jpg	ther and father consoled him in many ways to
images/000029696.jpg	His mother and father consoled him in many way
images/000029697.jpg	ied. So a household consisting of three generatio
images/000029698.jpg	 shaping children's character. As parents, th
images/000029699.jpg	aded his donkey with bags of salt to go to the ma
images/000029700.jpg	fruit in it!An old woodcutter had placed
images/000029701.jpg	ediately thought that there might be food in it
images/000029702.jpg	y and to lose his temper. The little boy
images/000029703.jpg	from an ugly caterpillar into a beautiful one
images/000029704.jpg	English lectures, while some students need 
images/000029705.jpg	ine to learn English well. In order to i
images/000029706.jpg	t meant that the butterfly was trying to 
images/000029707.jpg	nd will remain there forever. Your bad temper and
images/000029708.jpg	se I like playing soccer.During the summer 
images/000029709.jpg	uded the minister. He ordered for a pair of le
images/000029710.jpg	e fox could not find food. Finally he went to the
images/000029711.jpg	 flock of fireflies. One of the young mo
images/000029712.jpg	ving the problem. As long as both sides keep the
images/000029713.jpg	ents should have some ideal qualities to succeed 
images/000029714.jpg	leather cut in appropriate shape to cover
images/000029715.jpg	 hole, ‘What do you see there?’The boy replied,
images/000029716.jpg	As parents, they should learn to underst
images/000029717.jpg	d the boy was able to pull out most of the na
images/000029718.jpg	ot pull out a few nails. The fence never
images/000029719.jpg	h and has never seen snow before,” Fritz told 
images/000029720.jpg	ces were so happy to have a conversation wi
images/000029721.jpg	t know much about Christmas.”Who is Santa
images/000029722.jpg	 all over! You can stab a man with a knife, 
images/000029723.jpg	 was happy that he made the butterfly come 
images/000029724.jpg	em to embrace the relationships. Use them to show
images/000029725.jpg	 problem of generation gap, people's ideas are n
images/000029726.jpg	se family are respectively more than in other c
images/000029727.jpg	ship. Don't be intimidated even though y
images/000029728.jpg	ts need it to read English textbooks or jo
images/000029729.jpg	ildren's first teachers, so family does play an 
images/000029730.jpg	ed wings and huge body. It was never able
images/000029731.jpg	ay with her for several days.Last I will help
images/000029732.jpg	ded his donkey with bags of sponges.The
images/000029733.jpg	body and the wings could support the bod
images/000029734.jpg	 family contributes to household duties, inclu
images/000029735.jpg	its wonderful combination of colours. In fact
images/000029736.jpg	ided to sit over and watch how the butterfly woul
images/000029737.jpg	nts even after they get married. So a hou
images/000029738.jpg	 his father told him to remove the nails every da
images/000029739.jpg	g the merchant could do, except return hom
images/000029740.jpg	s little niece Emily and introduced her.
images/000029741.jpg	ox that was looking for something to eat
images/000029742.jpg	s, so family does play an important role i
images/000029743.jpg	 With the rapid progressing of the society, compu
images/000029744.jpg	mber of the family contributes to household dutie
images/000029745.jpg	 helping hand to the old man in time of need
images/000029746.jpg	r in a cave”. The monkeys did not listen
images/000029747.jpg	e. The hungry fox immediately thought that the
images/000029748.jpg	 stay with her for several days.Last I will hel
images/000029749.jpg	sy visiting all the human children to hav
images/000029750.jpg	different generations. Those who grow up 
images/000029751.jpg	erchant could do, except return home whe
images/000029752.jpg	e emerged like any other beautiful butter
images/000029753.jpg	he most essential quality for successful Engl
images/000029754.jpg	l abuse! Use words for good. Use them to e
images/000029755.jpg	ool. Except for taking care of me, she als
images/000029756.jpg	y, the butterfly looked no longer beautifu
images/000029757.jpg	his donkey with bags of sponges.The foolish, 
images/000029758.jpg	te the pain as he walked all the way through
images/000029759.jpg	e little boy found it hilarious and accepted 
images/000029760.jpg	ssing of the society, computers are now widely
images/000029761.jpg	 cover the road with leather? Rather, yo
images/000029762.jpg	your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed w
images/000029763.jpg	water from a nearby spring. However, no matte
images/000029764.jpg	t of benefits to us. It makes us do things mor
images/000029765.jpg	e, it gives us insights into other cultu
images/000029766.jpg	ship. Don't be intimidated even though y
images/000029767.jpg	cations with them open, at the same time the
images/000029768.jpg	th leather so that people might feel comfortabl
images/000029769.jpg	y to enjoy its world. He decided to sit over and
images/000029770.jpg	t to go to the market in order to sell t
images/000029771.jpg	had been struggling very hard for hours to come 
images/000029772.jpg	ed him and asked him pointing to the hole, ‘W
images/000029773.jpg	n the exam, they just want me to be happy. I kn
images/000029774.jpg	people leading a propitious life. However, he ha
images/000029775.jpg	 the only son for them. The parents of the
images/000029776.jpg	ay is coming.I am going to do many thing
images/000029777.jpg	ven his friends due to anger. He invited al
images/000029778.jpg	 convert into wings. Thus, the body would bec
images/000029779.jpg	pain as he walked all the way through the r
images/000029780.jpg	m and requested the countrymen to wear shoes. Foo
images/000029781.jpg	the fierce market competition, the price has
images/000029782.jpg	y of "The Right Son at the Right Time". The sold
images/000029783.jpg	he butterfly emerged without any struggle!Un
images/000029784.jpg	eep warm”.Suddenly they noticed a flock of
images/000029785.jpg	quite eager to watch the butterfly fly with its b
images/000029786.jpg	rassed when making some embarrassing mista
images/000029787.jpg	untless factors may influence a person's growth. 
images/000029788.jpg	rs speaking English better than you. Partici
images/000029789.jpg	 of leather and it would cost a huge amo
images/000029790.jpg	rs. If we say that families offer the en
images/000029791.jpg	tend to have many pleasant characters. If we
images/000029792.jpg	r club,because I like playing soccer.During 
images/000029793.jpg	 his temper. He told his father that it was
images/000029794.jpg	father consoled him in many ways to give up h
images/000029795.jpg	efly. He put it under a dry leaf and sta
images/000029796.jpg	holy animal cow to cover the road with l
images/000029797.jpg	 perseverance in face of hardship. Don't be intim
images/000029798.jpg	nt me to be happy. I know I should relax mysel
images/000029799.jpg	A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spr
images/000029800.jpg	rful combination of colours. In fact, he
images/000029801.jpg	e hungry fox immediately thought that there m
images/000029802.jpg	his phenomenon? As far as I know, it involves sev
images/000029803.jpg	cause I miss her very much.I want to stay wi
images/000029804.jpg	f fireflies. One of the young monkeys thought 
images/000029805.jpg	y don’t care how I do well in the exam, they j
images/000029806.jpg	t that the butterfly was trying to make i
images/000029807.jpg	ween them will be narrowed down in time. Bo
images/000029808.jpg	 more painful than physical abuse! Use w
images/000029809.jpg	on and the butterfly. The butterfly had b
images/000029810.jpg	 and love for butterflies decided to help the but
images/000029811.jpg	ed the remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged w
images/000029812.jpg	 other countries' family. In China, childr
images/000029813.jpg	to visitors who can drop in on friends and
images/000029814.jpg	ber of nails hammered on the fence was re
images/000029815.jpg	le he forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends
images/000029816.jpg	d with his little niece Emily and introduced her.
images/000029817.jpg	d have some ideal qualities to succeed in English
images/000029818.jpg	vice or set themselves against what the e
images/000029819.jpg	ge, a little boy lived with his father a
images/000029820.jpg	spoken English will be. Nothing in the world 
images/000029821.jpg	lock of fireflies. One of the young monkeys t
images/000029822.jpg	y were doing. The sparrow laughed. She sa
images/000029823.jpg	 the price has been marked down over and
images/000029824.jpg	ulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making s
images/000029825.jpg	 decided to help the butterfly. He got a 
images/000029826.jpg	, “brings presents and toys to human chi
images/000029827.jpg	n after continuous attempts for several h
images/000029828.jpg	English better than you. Participate in all ora
images/000029829.jpg	hension, one should get access to a lot 
images/000029830.jpg	very happy. He jumped into the hole and when he 
images/000029831.jpg	he little boy found it hilarious and accepted t
images/000029832.jpg	 parents through the verbal usage. While he fo
images/000029833.jpg	remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged 
images/000029834.jpg	 there were a lot of food, bread, meat and fr
images/000029835.jpg	mpie,first I will jion a soccer club,because
images/000029836.jpg	fly looked no longer beautiful and had a swol
images/000029837.jpg	s long as both sides keep their minds open t
images/000029838.jpg	nvironment of living, friends make another imp
images/000029839.jpg	crease of the hours that people spend on com
images/000029840.jpg	alk over their problems with each other activ
images/000029841.jpg	pening. It meant that the butterfly was tryi
images/000029842.jpg	. They both help children to understand th
images/000029843.jpg	hant could do, except return home where he loa
images/000029844.jpg	l out a few nails. The fence never look th
images/000029845.jpg	etition, the price has been marked down over a
images/000029846.jpg	 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly
images/000029847.jpg	e invited all worries for his parents throu
images/000029848.jpg	t! Words are more painful than physical abuse! Us
images/000029849.jpg	y. He jumped into the hole and when he opene
images/000029850.jpg	arrow came flying to its nest. The monkeys we
images/000029851.jpg	e who grow up in happy families tend to have ma
images/000029852.jpg	South and has never seen snow before,” Fritz tol
images/000029853.jpg	her in the holidays.What will you do on S
images/000029854.jpg	is part of the forest for many years. I guess
images/000029855.jpg	learning. It requires much time, commitment and
images/000029856.jpg	over and over again so that many people can af
images/000029857.jpg	several generations gathering around the televisi
images/000029858.jpg	 beliefs that focuses on common human needs an
images/000029859.jpg	ma's house,because I miss her very much.I wan
images/000029860.jpg	,first I will jion a soccer club,because
images/000029861.jpg	as led to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it
images/000029862.jpg	urage. They both help children to understand th
images/000029863.jpg	n the first day! Every time he lost his 
images/000029864.jpg	arn English well. In order to improve the ab
images/000029865.jpg	to celebrate holidays and entertain friends. The
images/000029866.jpg	donkey were walking along together. They had not
images/000029867.jpg	 the world as it is, so they are the dearest
images/000029868.jpg	way, Arthur Dent is plucked off the plan
images/000029869.jpg	hat has led to this phenomenon? As far as 
images/000029870.jpg	sm is a system of beliefs that focuses on common
images/000029871.jpg	oy its world. He decided to sit over and 
images/000029872.jpg	d edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the
images/000029873.jpg	e lighter and smaller and the wings would be be
images/000029874.jpg	e foolish, tricky donkey again set on its way. O
images/000029875.jpg	t the whole idea. Let’s go home now before
images/000029876.jpg	As long as both sides keep their minds open 
images/000029877.jpg	 important role in the maintenance of our
images/000029878.jpg	 strength and courage. They both help chi
images/000029879.jpg	w. Their voices are not taken into account. Th
images/000029880.jpg	 closer attention to our fellows. Occasi
images/000029881.jpg	Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised edit
images/000029882.jpg	Use words for good. Use them to embrace the
images/000029883.jpg	 than physical abuse! Use words for good. Use 
images/000029884.jpg	 the connections between children and th
images/000029885.jpg	zed world humanism plays an important role in t
images/000029886.jpg	on would let the fluid stored in the body conv
images/000029887.jpg	r its wonderful combination of colours. In fact, 
images/000029888.jpg	ches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we coul
images/000029889.jpg	's house,because I miss her very much.I wan
images/000029890.jpg	he maintenance of our society. Humanism calls
images/000029891.jpg	 care and shelter, while friends give them s
images/000029892.jpg	o the sparrow. They continued to blow at our p
images/000029893.jpg	ortance and pilgrim centres at distant pl
images/000029894.jpg	ly, neither the wings expanded or enlarged 
images/000029895.jpg	.His ministers were stunned to hear his o
images/000029896.jpg	son's growth. One is family, and the othe
images/000029897.jpg	craze for its wonderful combination of colour
images/000029898.jpg	he ballpoint pens he's bought over the y
images/000029899.jpg	r and wasted all the bags of salt on its back aga
images/000029900.jpg	ily began to eat. After the fox had finished eati
images/000029901.jpg	. There are two apparent factors which affec
images/000029902.jpg	out of the cocoon. He was watching the butterfl
images/000029903.jpg	“I don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen
images/000029904.jpg	ion is too conservative to accept anythi
images/000029905.jpg	families tend to have many pleasant characters
images/000029906.jpg	 anger, his friends and neighbours avoide
images/000029907.jpg	ey’s trick. He then returned home again but
images/000029908.jpg	a few nails. The fence never look the same
images/000029909.jpg	e. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten 
images/000029910.jpg	 the butterfly would have emerged like an
images/000029911.jpg	er from a nearby spring. However, no mat
images/000029912.jpg	n mind that different things appeal to different
images/000029913.jpg	 own personal computers.The computer has
images/000029914.jpg	e I like playing soccer.During the summer
images/000029915.jpg	et as it was his first trip by foot to lon
images/000029916.jpg	at demonstrate humanism. The spirit of hu
images/000029917.jpg	 and the ButterflyMany of us know that a
images/000029918.jpg	ound with withered wings and huge body. It was ne
images/000029919.jpg	from the same cloth. Parents may not be in f
images/000029920.jpg	p, people's ideas are not cut from the s
images/000029921.jpg	e the nails every day as he had controlled h
images/000029922.jpg	, care and shelter, while friends give them st
images/000029923.jpg	p between them will be narrowed down in time. B
images/000029924.jpg	tunately, even after continuous attempts
images/000029925.jpg	out of the cocoon without any more struggles. He
images/000029926.jpg	y they noticed a flock of fireflies. One of t
images/000029927.jpg	l weeks, he returned to the palace. He was quite
images/000029928.jpg	father and mother. He was the only son f
images/000029929.jpg	Chinese families tend to socialize toget
images/000029930.jpg	 made the butterfly come out of the cocoon with
images/000029931.jpg	 as it was his first trip by foot to longer dis
images/000029932.jpg	these pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? For a
images/000029933.jpg	 maintenance of our society. Humanism calls 
images/000029934.jpg	tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after continu
images/000029935.jpg	both sides keep their minds open to each oth
images/000029936.jpg	former graduate student obsessed with the disa
images/000029937.jpg	o give up his anger and develop kindness. U
images/000029938.jpg	at the butterfly tried its best and could 
images/000029939.jpg	 remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged witho
images/000029940.jpg	 forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends a
images/000029941.jpg	d smaller and the wings would be beautif
images/000029942.jpg	re?’The boy replied, ‘a hole in the fen
images/000029943.jpg	eneration gap comes into being. Some think th
images/000029944.jpg	e, he saw there were a lot of food, bread, mea
images/000029945.jpg	inuous effort from the butterfly to come
images/000029946.jpg	ey just want me to be happy. I know I shoul
images/000029947.jpg	 quite eager to watch the butterfly fly with i
images/000029948.jpg	atives without previous invitation.Chin
images/000029949.jpg	zed world humanism plays an important role in t
images/000029950.jpg	. Your bad temper and anger were like that!
images/000029951.jpg	nes of communications with them open, at
images/000029952.jpg	d colourful butterfly comes from an unappealing 
images/000029953.jpg	He thought that at any time, the butterfly m
images/000029954.jpg	effort from the butterfly to come out of its 
images/000029955.jpg	 relationships. Use them to show your heart!
images/000029956.jpg	olded kids, neighbours and even his friends
images/000029957.jpg	ple of humanistic behavior. In the event of a lif
images/000029958.jpg	n was happy that he made the butterfly co
images/000029959.jpg	hey don’t care how I do well in the exam,
images/000029960.jpg	t that the butterfly was trying to make i
images/000029961.jpg	k. He then returned home again but re-loaded 
images/000029962.jpg	his temper, he ran to the fence and hammered a na
images/000029963.jpg	o-lunch president of the galaxy; Trillian (
images/000029964.jpg	me ideal qualities to succeed in English learnin
images/000029965.jpg	e emerged like any other beautiful butterfli
images/000029966.jpg	became very happy. He jumped into the hol
images/000029967.jpg	t a few nails. The fence never look the same! 
images/000029968.jpg	es us insights into other cultures and ke
images/000029969.jpg	tors who can drop in on friends and relatives
images/000029970.jpg	 up in happy families tend to have many pl
images/000029971.jpg	n shaping children's character. As parent
images/000029972.jpg	busy visiting all the human children to h
images/000029973.jpg	l into the water. But instead of the load 
images/000029974.jpg	r? Rather, you can just have a piece of leather c
images/000029975.jpg	 in the exam. I want to be happy all the 
images/000029976.jpg	 roads weren’t comfortable and were very
images/000029977.jpg	his feet as it was his first trip by foot to long
images/000029978.jpg	 Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she aske
images/000029979.jpg	an drop in on friends and relatives with
images/000029980.jpg	pt anything new. Their voices are not taken 
images/000029981.jpg	ening. It meant that the butterfly was trying
images/000029982.jpg	ammered on the fence was reduced to half.
images/000029983.jpg	aces. He decided to travel by foot to interact w
images/000029984.jpg	m the fence. However, there remained a few n
images/000029985.jpg	 in the exam. I want to be happy all the time. B
images/000029986.jpg	e computer is a wonderful machine. Today it i
images/000029987.jpg	to work. Therefore, I want to help her in th
images/000029988.jpg	rations should be responsible for solving the pro
images/000029989.jpg	that demonstrate humanism. The spirit of
images/000029990.jpg	ils hammered on the fence was reduced to half. Th
images/000029991.jpg	 favor of their children's hairstyle and wei
images/000029992.jpg	iting all the human children to have much t
images/000029993.jpg	t sight of a big tree with a hole in it.Insid
images/000029994.jpg	hildren warmth, care and shelter, while frie
images/000029995.jpg	 to us. It makes us do things more quickly. F
images/000029996.jpg	fe.Family Life in ChinaThe members in a C
images/000029997.jpg	 can remind us of the meaning of humanism. If we
images/000029998.jpg	m going to do many things that I want to do. For
images/000029999.jpg	ne nail to the fence every time he becam
